<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 756: Immortal Cultivators Really Exist</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s group were currently in front of the Processing Machine. The tiny pagoda’s upgrade would be finished in two minutes. On the other hand, the God-rank potion nearby had just started being processed.</p>

  <p>After looking at the Processing Machine, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but frown as he looked at Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, do we have enough money in the Space? Even if we use the materials in the magic backgrounds, we would still use gold coins to make God-rank potions. When that time comes, our expenses surely wouldn’t be small.”</p>

  <p>Cai’er smiled and said, “Young Master, you don’t need to worry. After the Space leveled up to 70, using the materials grown in the magic backgrounds would reduce the price of making God-ranked potions by about half. Moreover, in addition to the materials for the potion, I’ve also planted some highly prized crops in the magic backgrounds. Those things would definitely sell well in the Space, allowing us to be self sufficient in making the potions. Additionally, the materials in the magic backgrounds also reduced the time to make God-rank potions. Originally, the potions would take 48 hours, but now, they will be prepared in eight.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai felt relief after he heard this. He didn’t think that the magic background would actually have this much benefits.</p>

  <p>Laura turned to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, keep some potions for us. I heard that after becoming God-rank, one’s skin would improve. Moreover, one could also reach immortality.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but wipe a cold sweat on his forehead as he turned to Laura and said, “Laura, your skins are already soft. If you become God-rank, then I’m afraid I’d slip whenever I embrace you.”</p>

  <p>The faces of the women couldn’t help but turn red, Laura slapped Zhao Hai’s shoulder and said, “Talk less nonsense.”</p>

  <p>Cai’er smiled and said, “Young Master has a point. Actually, the God-rank potion mainly restores the energy of the body, making every cell of a person more energetic. This allowed the person to look as though they are young. By staying in the Space daily, all of you had already achieved this point. So there really is no need for you to use the God-rank potion.”</p>

  <p>Laura stared, then her face lit up as she replied, “Really? Then as long as we don’t leave the Space, then we would live longer than people outside?”</p>

  <p>Cai’er smiled and said, “Correct. However, because the Space’s level is still quite low, people couldn’t achieve immortality inside it. If we can obtain more plants and items, making the Space level up, then the lives of the people would get longer. Even if it cannot make you immortal, at the very least it won’t make you age.”</p>

  <p>All of the women were now looking at Cai’er with shining eyes. Then they turned their heads to Zhao Hai. Seeing their blazing gazes, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but put his arm up as he said, “What do you want? If you want to push me down against my wishes, then I will definitely resist.”</p>

  <p>Looking at Zhao Hai’s expression, the women didn’t know whether to laugh or get angry. All of them reached out to Zhao Hai’s waist at the same time and twisted it so hard it even made Zhao Hai scream.</p>

  <p>After pinching Zhao Hai, Laura snorted and said, “Why do you always talk nonsense? Brother Hai, if we go to the Demon Realm and the Divine Realm, then we must get some rare plants and magic beasts in order to upgrade the Space as soon as possible.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was currently holding his own waist, he smiled bitterly and said, “When the time comes, we’ll do just that. Right, the tiny pagoda is almost complete. Let’s see what it looks like right now.”</p>

  <p>Just as Zhao Hai said that, the Processing Machine let out a white light before the tiny pagoda appeared in front of Zhao Hai. The pagoda was totally different compared to its past appearance. Originally, the tiny pagoda was black all over. But now, the pagoda looks almost transparent, it looked like it was made out of ten thousand year old ice.</p>

  <p>Laura and the others were also looking curiously at the tiny pagoda. Apart from the translucent white appearance, the tiny pagoda had also become eight sided. Wind chimes were still present on each corner of the pagoda, but these chimes were now white, blue, black, red, and yellow.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai understood that these five colors represented the five elements. And these colors were actually arranged according to the eight trigrams position. They were divided into two whites, two yellows, two blues, one red, and one black. These eight represented the five attributes that the eight trigrams were representing. The water and fire elements correspond to their own trigram. The trigrams for heaven(天) and lake(澤) correspond to the gold/metal element. The trigrams for thunder(雷) and wind(風) belong to the wood element. And lastly, the trigrams for mountain(山) and earth/soil(地) corresponds to the earth element. This explains why the eight wind chimes had five different colors.</p>

  <p>On the top of the pagoda was a small yin yang pattern. This pattern was always turning, making the pagoda look mystical.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai extended his hand as the tiny pagoda flew over. The pagoda revolved around Zhao Hai’s hand as the wind chimes ringed. It sounded delightful, it was as soothing as a child’s laughter.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was somewhat attracted to this tiny pagoda. It was too attractive, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stroke it with his hand. This action surprised Zhao Hai since the tiny pagoda acted just like a child. It gently rocked back and forth as it rubbed his hand. It was the same as a child rubbing its small head on the arm of his father.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile as he made his divine sense sink slowly into the pagoda. When his divine sense entered, a surge of information suddenly came to his mind. Zhao Hai stared blankly as he comprehended the information. It didn’t take too long before he was able to discover how to use the pagoda as well as its innate abilities.</p>

  <p>The pagoda was quite strong. It can attack and defend, it can also utilize the power of the eight trigrams, five elements, and the yin-yang. It had a handy sound attack that can affect the minds of the enemy. However, its defense was more formidable. The tiny pagoda can emit a shield that can protect Zhao Hai. The shield can block physical, spiritual, and magic attacks. It was a very extraordinary defensive skill.</p>

  <p>Most importantly, the tiny pagoda had also kept its swallowing attack. As long as the enemy gets swallowed by the pagoda, it can turn that enemy’s flesh, bones, and soul into energy. As long as this person is within the realm of the eight trigrams and the five elements, then that person would be unable to escape.</p>

  <p>And this didn’t even count the fact that the tiny pagoda can use the five elements and transform them into dark energy, providing useful resource to dark creatures. At the same time, it can also transform dark energy into five element energy, allowing it to nourish the world. This property alone made the pagoda an extraordinary item of the world.</p>

  <p>After knowing the abilities of the pagoda, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh. He never expected the pagoda to reach this height.</p>

  <p>Upon withdrawing his divine sense, Zhao Hai immediately called, “Artifact Spirit, come out.”</p>

  <p>Just as Zhao Hai’s voice fell, a figure appeared on the tiny pagoda. This person wasn’t the one who fought with Zhao Hai, instead, it was a small child who had a yin-yang belly band. It had a round head with black hair that was tied up with two small five colored ropes.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai saw this artifact spirit, he couldn’t help but stare. His complexion changed as he said, “You’re the artifact spirit? What happened to the original one?”</p>

  <p>The artifact spirit immediately replied, “Answering to the Master. The original artifact spirit has been turned into pure energy and has been absorbed by me. However, master can feel relieved, I had inherited the memories of the past artifact spirit. If master wanted to know something, then I can provide you with an answer.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai became relieved, he nodded and said, “Just call me young master. Tell me the background of the pagoda’s original master. Tell me the realm where he came from.”</p>

  <p>The small child gave a nod and replied, “Yes, young master. The pagoda’s original master is from a world of cultivators. In that world, cultivators rule over countless planes. The Ark Continent is just one of the smaller planes among those.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, he couldn’t help but frown, “If they rule this plane, then why can’t they directly come here, but instead chose to send a projection?”</p>

  <p>The small child quickly replied, “Answering the young master. They rule thousands of planes, but they aren’t running them directly. Instead, they would compel powerful people in those planes to worship them and regard them as gods. This would provide the immortal cultivators with faith power.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai frowned, “Tell me about the stages of cultivation in that plane. And then tell me what this faith power is.”</p>

  <p>The small child replied, “The stages of cultivation are divided into eight parts. The first and second stage had 12 levels each while the 3rd to 8th stages only had nine. The first stage is called Body Tempering, it was a stage where the focus lied on strengthening the body of the practitioner. This would prepare them for immortal cultivation as well as make them able to study immortal arts. The second stage is called Qi Refining. This stage mainly tackles a person’s breath. This stage would adjust the shortcomings of one’s body as well as fix the damages caused by Body Tempering.</p>

  <p>The third stage is the Foundation Establishment stage. Reaching this rank would allow a person to be a true Immortal Cultivator. Their breath would transform along with their bodies. This stage is said to be the starting point of immortal cultivation.</p>

  <p>The fourth stage is called the Gold Core stage. People of this rank can reach lifespans of 2000 to 3000 years. They can form a golden dan in their body which can help them absorb energy from the surroundings more efficiently. Their rate of absorption is said to be ten times faster than those in Foundation Establishment.</p>

  <p>The fifth stage is the Nascent Soul stage. Immortal cultivators of this rank would crush their gold cores to form a nascent soul inside their bodies. This nascent soul would be like another personification of the immortal cultivator, helping them cultivate and absorb energy. People in this stage can also use advanced level immortal arts .They can attach their divine sense on objects and turn them into incarnations. And even if their bodies were destroyed, as long as their nascent soul escapes, then they can seize a body from another being. The immortal cultivator that the Young Master had fought with is a Nascent Soul Expert.</p>

  <p>The sixth stage is the Spirit Severing stage. Immortal cultivators of this rank can separate their divine sense. This separation is completely different to those in Nascent Soul. Nascent Soul Experts needed magic treasures to attach their souls into. Moreover, the strengths that these incarnations have would only amount to about a tenth of the expert’s true strength. However, for those in Spirit Severing stage, their Divine Sense can exist independently to form incarnations. These incarnations would have about a sixth to a fifth of the Spirit Severing expert’s true cultivation.They could also attach their souls to magic weapons in order to increase its strength.</p>

  <p>The seventh stage is called Transcending Tribulation stage. Upon reaching this rank, the Immortal Cultivator would enter the peak powers in the realm. They can have as many incarnations as they can. And each incarnation would have nine-tenths of their true body’s cultivation. Their main bodies were also allowed to study the Heavenly Dao of time as they prepare to face their tribulation. This is the reason why this stage is called Transcending Tribulation.</p>

  <p>And the eight stage is the True Immortal stage. After reaching this stage, an Immortal Cultivator would live as long as the heavens and the earth. The heavens and the earth could no longer control their fate, thus they are called True Immortals!”</p>

  <p>After speaking up to here, the small child caught his own breath, then he continued, “Faith power is a type of ability that Immortal Cultivators possess. However, average cultivators are unable to use it, even feel it. Only upon reaching Nascent Soul would one start to discover this ability. Faith power not only helps a person cultivatie, but it can also improve an immortal cultivator’s magic treasures. Because of this, as long as an immortal cultivator is from a great sect, they would be allowed to have access to several planes in order to gather faith energy. These planes are inferior planes where the most powerful people are Foundation Establishment experts.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but frown, “So is it impossible for immortal cultivators to descend on a plane?”</p>

  <p>The small child nodded and said, “It is impossible. Cultivators below Nascent Soul would find it difficult to break the Space by themselves. Only if one were to ascend to a higher plane would this be allowed. Nascent Soul Experts are also too powerful to descend, this is the same for Spirit Severing Experts and Transcending Tribulation Experts. On the other hand ,Immortal Stage cultivators can achieve this. But even if they did, they still needed to merge with the heavens and the earth in order to break the space between two planes. And this would be a violation of the laws”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing this, Zhao Hai’s frown couldn’t help but turn tighter. He said, “But the Divine Race just destroyed the laws of the Ark Continent. Isn’t this a violation to the heaven and earth?”</p>

  <p>The small child shook his head and said, “What I was saying before refers to what the Immortal Cultivators describe to be major planes. These major planes have small planes under them, this included the Ark Continent, Divine Realm, and the Demon Realm along with countless other planes. These major planes are all managed by Nascent Soul Experts. These major planes have their own laws of the heavens and the earth. And if one were to look at the entire universe, the number of these major planes were also countless. So a change in a small plane like the Ark Continent wouldn’t have a huge impact to the entirety of the universe. This meant that even if the Divine Race had broken the laws, it was still the law of a major plane, not the universe itself.”</p>
</body>
</html>