<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 786: A Brave Soldier Breaks His Arm</h3>

  <p>After thinking up to here, the Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but force a smile. He can now feel pressure from Zhao Hai’s strength. Demons who couldn’t withstand the attacks would blow themselves up, unwilling to be turned into undead.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai actually managed to massacre a large number of Divine Race soldiers and turn them into undead. One must know that the Divine Race were generally stronger compared to the Demons. In this case, for Zhao Hai to turn a large number of them into undead wasn’t a good idea for the Demon Race.</p>

  <p>But the Demon Dragon King doesn’t have the time to think about this right now. Zhao Hai had already started his killing, and the Demon Dragon King knew how strong he was. Although the Demons still had a lot of experts, as long as Zhao Hai can grasp an opportunity, then he could surely eradicate every single Demon here.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s Domain was still in its drill form as it went about its killing spree. There were some God-rank Demons who wanted to stop Zhao Hai. However, upon meeting the Domain, they were immediately shredded to death.</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King shouted, “Retreat!” Just as he said that, his Dragon Domain appeared as he slowly drew back. At the same time, his flag kept waving back and forth. It was a signal known to all Demons, informing them to retreat.</p>

  <p>Although the Demons were fighting against Zhao Hai’s undead army, they were also keeping attention to the Demon Dragon King’s flag. Upon seeing the Demon Dragon King’s flag, the Demons immediately fought while going in the direction of Demon City.</p>

  <p>However, this feat wouldn’t be very easy. The small drills formed by the undead were like slippery fishes, retreating from such conditions was very difficult.</p>

  <p>This scene also made Zhao Hai understand how the Demons can survive in a place such as the Demon Realm. And at this time, some Demons had stayed behind.</p>

  <p>These Demons didn’t proceed to retreat, instead, they blew themselves up. This caused resounding explosions from all directions, causing massive casualties among the undead.</p>

  <p>After Lizzy and Megan saw this, they knew that the Demons had went all out. They didn’t want to fight with the Demons in this situation. Because of this, Lizzy immediately ordered the undead to clump up while pursuing, allowing the Demons more time to withdraw.</p>

  <p>But just as the undead drew back, various cavalry units appeared beside the Demon Army before throwing javelins towards the retreating army. Zhao Hai was still using his harassment tactics against the undead, causing more chaos to appear.</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but feel a pain on his heart. He turned his head and looked at Zhao Hai, who had finished reorganizing his army. Also, the Demon Dragon King can also see undead Demons among Zhao Hai’s undead army,</p>

  <p>During the battle, there were still Demons who weren’t able to blow themselves up. Naturally, Zhao Hai wouldn’t let their deaths be a waste, he turned them into undead immediately.</p>

  <p>When he saw this, the Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but clench his jaws. His hate for Zhao Hai had reached an all-time high. However, he discovered something that made him frustrated. The speed of his army wasn’t as fast as Zhao Hai’s. Before they had regrouped, the undead were already finished. At the same time, the cavalry units were already on the sides of the Demon Army. It seems like they were boxed in with one side missing.</p>

  <p>While the Demon Dragon King was looking at Zhao Hai’s army in a daze, two pitiful yells woke him up. The Demon Dragon King immediately turned his head to see a God-ranked expert’s separated head and then another God-ranked expert with a hold in their neck. But even then, nothing was seen beside them.</p>

  <p>The God-ranked Demon with a hole on his neck was still alive when the Demon Dragon King saw him. However, he didn’t dare to blow himself up since he was still in the middle of the Demon Race’s formation. If he exploded, then he might take his allies along with him. Because of this, he can only swallow his hatred and normally die.</p>

  <p>As soon as the two Demons dies, two spatial rifts appeared right beside them, swallowing them in the process. Then at Zhao Hai’s side were another two spatial rifts where two undead Demons appeared. At the same time, an additional two people appeared. One was Berry while the other was someone the Demon Dragon King haven’t seen before. This person looked like an assassin, he also had a rapier strapped on his back.</p>

  <p>Naturally, this person was Shun. He hasn’t been idle after becoming God-rank. Although he had been sparring with Shue, no positive results ever came forth. He was yet to acquire his own Domain.</p>

  <p>Shue told him about his experience on how he managed to comprehend a Domain. Because of this, Shun went and looked for a God-rank Demon during the battle and attacked him, hoping to gain insight into his Domain.</p>

  <p>In the end, he succeeded. And unexpectedly, his Domain was actually the same stealth type Domain as Berry’s. Berry’s Domain was a huge hook while Shun’s Domain was a rapier.</p>

  <p>While the Demons were yet to reorganize, Berry and Shun used this opportunity to kill God-rank Demons. And in order to ensure their safety, Lizzy quickly took them back to the Space before sending them to Zhao Hai’s side.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai turned his head to look at their eyes and nodded, “Good, nice job. But don’t take such huge risks next time.” Then he turned his head back to the Demon Dragon King.</p>

  <p>At this time, Lizzy’s voice sounded in Zhao Hai’s ear, “Big Brother Hai, demon scorpion. Pay attention since the undead are using their javelins.”</p>

  <p>ZHao Hai nodded, then his figure moved and returned inside the formation. After that, the undead formed the demon scorpion formation, the one they also used back against the Fishmen. Since Zhao Hai wasn’t needed at the front, he was repositioned to be at the tail end of the scorpion.</p>

  <p>It didn’t take a long time before the cube formation changed into the demon scorpion. After seeing this change, the Demon Dragon King’s expression couldn’t help but turn ugly. He was yet to put his men in order, and now they were clashing again?</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King couldn’t’ do anything but wave his flag, urging the Demons to retreat. Both the elites and average soldiers continued to draw back. And as they were retreating, they were also rearranging themselves.</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King had small time to think about new formations. This demon scorpion looked more menacing compared to the drill. Some of the troops on the left and right of the Demon Army went forward and clashed with the two claws of the scorpion.</p>

  <p>Despite their current situation, the Demon Dragon King was still confident about the strength of the Demons. He believes that even Zhao Hai’s undead army wouldn’t be able to face the might of the Demons.</p>

  <p>However, he was mistaken this time. Zhao Hai simply didn’t give them time to reorganize. When the Demons reached the firing distance, the undead immediately peppered them with javelins.</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King’s expression couldn’t help but change after seeing the rain of javelins. Zhao Hai didn’t use javelins before, but they already lost too much. Now that javelins were back in the fray, the Demon army’s losses would surely pile up.</p>

  <p>But this wasn’t the end. Just as the Demon Dragon King was feeling regret, the skies above him suddenly darkened. A drill formation had appeared from above, and their target was him.</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King calmed himself down. At this time, changing his position was too late. Just as he was about to be killed, two people suddenly flew up from the side of the Demon Dragon King. The two greeted Zhao Hai’s drill and when they were in a sufficient distance away, they blew themselves up.</p>

  <p>These two people were God-rank Demons, so their explosions weren’t weak. Zhao Hai felt the tremendous impact from the explosion on his Domain. His whole figure shook, his face drained of color. Before long, his advance slowed down before he ultimately led his undead to draw back.</p>

  <p>The explosions of the God-rank Demons also caused huge damage to the Demon Army. Aside from the Demon King and others who could support a Domain, nearly 10 thousand 9th ranked Demon were killed from the impact.</p>

  <p>However, this didn’t mean that the Demon Dragon King remained unscathed, he was also quite injured. But this was the only way to deal with Zhao Hai. If the Demon Dragon King dies, then the whole Demon Army would be finished.</p>

  <p>A brave soldier wouldn’t hesitate to sacrifice his arm, and the Demon Army didn’t lack these brave soldiers. Blood dripped on the corners of the Demon Dragon King’s mouth. He knew that fighting would only bring more casualties to the Demons. Because of this, he immediately shouted, “All armies draw back. Return to Demon City!”</p>

  <p>This order was quickly passed down to each Demon. The entire Demon Army immediately formed groups before they slowly retreated. On the other hand, there was no way for Zhao Hai to let this opportunity go. Batches upon batches of javelins rained one after another, peppering the entire Demon Army. One could say that every step the Demon Army made, people died. However, they still didn’t dare to turn their heads and fight with Zhao Hai. The Demon Dragon King knew that even more deaths would occur if they do so.</p>
</body>
</html>