<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 831: Unknown Future</h3>

  <p>The Great Demon King didn’t expect Zhao Hai to be this fast. He stared for a moment before he laughed, “Alright, mister moves very quick. Then I will have to be impolite. Mister, please stay here for a moment while I arrange my people.”</p>

  <p>When the Great Demon King stood up, Zhao Hai did the same as he said, “Your Majesty, I won’t be staying here for long. I have to go back to the Space and arrange some things. I’ll leave my blood ghost staff here so you can take it with you. Just use the messenger fish to contact me and I’ll immediately open a spatial rift. Demon Dragon can stay here with you. There won’t be any battles in the next few days, he can help you relocate the other Demons.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King looked at the staff in his hand. The staff was currently in its skeleton form, it wasn’t a staff used by most people. However, the Great Demon King knew the significance of this staff to Zhao Hai. Being handed the staff moved the Great Demon King’s heart.</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King nodded and said, “That would be best. Since mister has something else to do, then I won’t hold you here for long. Me and Demon Dragon can take care of everything here.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Then I’ll bother Your Majesty with this. The Space has been prepared, your Majesty can rest assured.” The Great Demon King gave another thanks. Then Zhao Hai left the chariot and then flashed back to the Space.</p>

  <p>The reason why Zhao Hai left quickly was because he needed to talk with Fei’er and the others. No matter what, they were still allies, being in constant contact with them would be good. This way, they would have better coordination in the future.</p>

  <p>Originally, Zhao Hai wanted to take his time in the Demon Realm. And since he didn’t want to reveal a lot of things, he didn’t think about handing the blood ghost staff over to the Great Demon King.</p>

  <p>However after further thinking, all of the Demons would enter the Space, so handing the blood ghost staff over to the Great Demon King would be more than enough. Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to give the blood ghost staff to the Great Demon King so that he can leave and contact Fei’er and the others.</p>

  <p>Just as Zhao Hai entered the Space, Laura and the others were currently looking at the monitor. The image displayed on the monitor was the state of the Demon Realm. To be honest, they didn’t think that the Demon Realm would be as bad as this.</p>

  <p>After they saw that Zhao Hai had come back, Laura and the others immediately went forward to greet him. Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, you’re back? Didn’t you that you would stay in the Demon Realm for a couple of days?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai replied, “There is no need for me to be there, I couldn’t offer further help in transferring the Demons. It would be better if I get in touch with Fei’er’s group instead. Right, I also left the blood ghost staff to the Great Demon King.”</p>

  <p>Laura stared, then she nodded and said, “Leaving the staff with the Great Demon King is also good. In any case, the staff could map the Demon Realm.’</p>

  <p>Zhao Hao nodded, then he asked, “How are Fei’er and the others doing? Did anything significant happen?”</p>

  <p>Laura shook her head and said, “Everything is very normal. We’ve already sent them their meals, they ready to eat.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he sat on the sofa and let out a long breath, “How about the Ark Space? The people have seen the condition of the Demon Realm, what response did they have?”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and then said, “There’s no excessive reaction. People seem to not be very disgusted by the Demons. They just look at the Demon Realm as though it was a story.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai felt relied, he said, “It’s good that they aren’t angry. I thought I need to spend some time to improve their view towards the Demons, it seems like there’s no need for that. Right, send me outside, I want to have a chat with Fei’er.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded, then Cai’er waved her hand as she sent Zhao Hai to a city in the Buddha Empire. It wasn’t a big city so it couldn’t house several tens of millions of soldiers. Majority of the army rested outside the city. Still, there was no problem regarding food. As for Fei’er and the others, they took their rest inside the city.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai directly appeared in the city, causing the attention of the surrounding soldiers to focus on him. After they saw Zhao Hai, one of them immediately went to Fei’er to report.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t block them as he just waited there in place. Before long, Fei’er came, Shan and Yue were absent.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai can also understand why this was the case. He killed so many people from those two races. Although the custom of those people saw the undead as another form of life, a thread of hatred was still present. Therefore, it was an appropriate move if those people don’t meet him.</p>

  <p>At this time, Fei’er arrived by Zhao Hai and gave a salute, “I didn’t think mister would see us today, wasn’t mister quite busy?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I found some time to visit. Let’s go in and talk” Fei’er nodded and led Zhao Hai to the place where he rested, which was the city lord’s mansion.</p>

  <p>There wasn’t anything inside this mansion, after all, Zhao Hai already took everything out of the Ark Continent. Although the mansion looked quite spacious, it was only due to it being empty.</p>

  <p>However, it was also great the Fei’er and the others were quite capable people with formidable bodies. Because of this, they didn’t care about resting in this place. Fei’er didn’t even sleep in the bedroom, there was no need to do so since there was no bed.</p>

  <p>After entering the empty hall, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile. He turned to Fei’er and said, “Mister Fei’er, I apologize. The things in this mansion has already been taken by me.”</p>

  <p>Fei’er smiled faintly and said, “No problem, we’re already quite used to it. Right, why did mister come today? Is there anything you like to talk about?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Mister Fei’er, what opinion does the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus people have on me?”</p>

  <p>Fei’er didn’t expect Zhao Hai to ask this question, he couldn’t help but smile bitterly. The Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus did indeed have some reservations towards Zhao Hai. However, Fei’er believed that they wouldn’t take revenge against Zhao Hai. This was because there was still a bigger enemy in the horizon.</p>

  <p>And now that Zhao Hai asked, he didn’t know what to say. Zhao Hai saw Fei’er’s expression and sighed, “I know that they have some bad outlook towards me. After all, I can’t deny killing their own people. However, I hope that this wouldn’t affect our cooperation.”</p>

  <p>Fei’er quickly replied, “Mister can rest assured, the cooperation wouldn’t be affected.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he said, “I have no choice at that time. I didn’t know that they weren’t part of the Divine Race. I expected them to be part of the Divine Race army.”</p>

  <p>Fei’er looked confused at Zhao Hai. In their previous discussion, Zhao Hai seemed to know a lot about the Divine Realm. Normally, he shouldn’t be able to know about the Divine Realm’s matters.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er and smiled bitterly, “Did you wonder why I’m very familiar with the Divine Realm?”</p>

  <p>Fei’er nodded, Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “Don’t forget that I’m a dark mage. After killing the Divine Race and turning them into undead, I can ask them about the matters of the Divine Realm.”</p>

  <p>When Fei’er heard Zhao Hai, his eyes suddenly showed his understanding. He actually forgot that Zhao Hai was a Dark Mage.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er and said, “Although I knew about the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus, my knowledge isn’t that much. The Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus haven’t been conquered in a day or two, so I wasn’t aware that they still held their resentment towards the Divine Race. When they planned to attack the Ark Continent, I can’t risk my people being killed. Because of that, I had no choice but to kill them.”</p>

  <p>Fei’er nodded, he can understand Zhao Hai. To be honest, if Zhao Hai held back against the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus at that time, then the Ark Continent wouldn’t have been in its current state. Instead, the Ark Continent would have already fallen to the Divine Race. Moreover, Zhao Hai wouldn’t have been here to become their ally. Most importantly, Zhao Hai was very strong, it would be strange if he doesn’t go for the kill.</p>

  <p>From what was said before, Fei’er didn’t intend to become allies with Zhao Hai, instead he wanted to invite the Demon Race. If Zhao Hai wasn’t strong, then they wouldn’t have been speaking at this time. Strength decides everything, this was something that Fei’er completely understood.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er’s expression and said, “This time, we need to quickly deal with the Divine Race, we can’t be slow. North of the Ark Continent is a rift to the Underworld. Undead from the Underworld have already come out of the rift. If we delay, the undead and the Divine Race might attack us from both sides. That wouldn’t be good for us.”</p>

  <p>Fei’er nodded, his expression was somewhat heavy. Although he believed that they had the strength to deal with the Divine Race, he still didn’t underestimate the Divine Race. There were still 9 other Divine Race continents in the Divine Realm aside from the Taurus Continent. What reaction would the other continents have? This remained unknown. All their previous discussion was merely speculation.</p>

  <p>If the other continents sent reinforcements towards the Taurus Divines, then things would be extremely difficult. All 9 continent’s doesn’t even need to send reinforcements. As long as a form of reinforcement came, then things would still get more difficult.</p>
</body>
</html>