<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1210: Country Bumpkins?</h3>

  <p>There’s a saying in the Cultivation Realm, it goes.. “There are always treasures everywhere, but everything depends on your eyes being in the right place!” The sentence might sound ridiculous, but it was somewhat true.</p>

  <p>Nobody in the Cultivation Realm would dare underestimate these stalls. This was because treasures were often seen on them! This treasure might not be a weapon or a magic artifact, it may be a plant or a piece of ore.</p>

  <p>After all, these Rogue Cultivators weren’t as informed as sect disciples. Although they were also Cultivators, their knowledge about various treasures couldn’t compare to sect disciples. Because of this, there would be times where they get a treasure but were unable to identify it. In the end, they would just sell these items in their stalls.</p>

  <p>This caused the stalls of the Rogue Cultivators to be a special sight in the Cultivation Realm. People in the Cultivation Realm would have no objection to Rogue Cultivators pitching up some stall on their own. On the contrary, they strongly supported them. The more stalls there were, the more treasures would appear in a certain city. For the people in the Cultivation Realm, treasures were one of the most important things in Cultivation.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s trip to the marketplace was mainly in order to pick up a treasure for himself. At the same time, he would also hunt for valuable plants and ores.</p>

  <p>It has been some time since the Space got some new plants. Because of this, Zhao Hai plans to send a batch of new plants to the Space.</p>

  <p>The group of brothers chatted as they proceeded forward. Xiong Li and the others were excitedly looking at the scenery. The clothing of the Machine Field and the Cultivation Realm was different, making Xiong Li and the others extremely eye-catching. Everyone they pass by looked at them with expressions that was anything but friendly.</p>

  <p>Sun Fei looked at the Cultivators in the surroundings before whispering to Zhao Hai, “Brother Hai, these guys don’t look very friendly. What do we do?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai just smiled and said, “Don’t worry. If they dared to make a challenge, I’ll clean them up.”&#160;</p>

  <p>Sun Fei looked at Zhao Hai’s confidence and didn’t say anything. He was well aware that Zhao Hai was strong and that the two of them weren’t on the same level. Zhao Hai managed to block three swords from Li Chuchen. Because of this, Sun Fei didn’t see any problems from what Zhao Hai said.</p>

  <p>The group walked for about half an hour before they could finally see a bustling marketplace in the distance. Moreover, the sound of bargaining was already audible.</p>

  <p>Upon seeing this scene, everyone couldn’t help but look at Zhao Hai. They weren’t familiar with Seamount City, so they just followed Zhao Hai as he led them to take a few turns. Xiong Li unwittingly asked, “Little Hai, what’s that?” Zhao Hai already became the center of the group. Although he was ranked fourth according to seniority, he was the strongest among them all. In this world that spoke with strength, the strongest would naturally be the center.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “The marketplace. This is where people from the Cultivation Realm buys their items. Let’s go, maybe we can see something good.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Xiong Li and the others couldn’t help but smile bitterly. Dongfang Yu looked depressingly at Zhao Hai and said, “There’s certainly things that are good here. However, this isn’t the Machine Field. They don’t accept machine coins. And we don’t any crystal stones.”&#160;</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai just smiled and said, “Don’t worry about it. If you fancy something, I’ll buy them for you. I have enough crystal stones for all of us.” The Space was able to make crystal stones. With the amount already mined inside the Space, Zhao Hai could be considered as a wealthy man in the Cultivation Realm.</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Xiong Li and the others couldn’t help but gawk. Xiong Li confusedly looked at Zhao Hai as he asked, “Where did you get crystal stones? Those things are strategic resources in the Machine FIeld. Don’t tell me the Ashley Family gave some to you? Are they that rich?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai just smiled and said, “There’s no need to worry about where I got them. In any case, it’s good that we have crystal stones. It’s time to let the Cultivation Realm know that we’re filthy rich.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked very much like a rich young master right now, causing Xiong Li and the others to laugh. However, their actions caused the surrounding Cultivators to get angry.</p>

  <p>People from the Cultivation Realm looked down on the people from the Machine Field. In their opinion, those from the Machine Field held lower status than them, even inferior compared to non-practitioners who were living like pigs in a pen. They felt disgusted to see these people from the Machine Field in their city laughing and being wild.</p>

  <p>Actually, talking out loud wasn’t a problem. There were no rules disallowing loud chatter in the streets, after all, this was a normal occurrence. However, if those being loud were from the Machine Field, the Cultivators seem to find fault in it.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t care about them as he led his group towards the market. Upon entering the area, Xiong Li and the others gawked. There were stalls everywhere, much more than what they expected.</p>

  <p>Shop fronts in this place seem to disappear due to the sheer volume of stalls being set up in the streets.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t care about the spectacle as he just proceeded to go forward. Xiong Li and the others immediately went and followed behind. However, their arrival became the focus of attention in the market. Everyone looked at them while whispering. Naturally, these people knew who Zhao Hai and the others were.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t mind this kind of attention. As long as someone was wearing Mage robes in the Cultivation Realm, this situation would always happen. This was because there were very few people from the Machine Field here.</p>

  <p>There were quite a few cultivators who would go to the Machine Field in order to look for something. On the other hand, not a lot of people from the Machine Field could go to the Cultivation Realm. First, it was because the transmission formation couldn’t be used at will. Only spaceships could permit their travel, and even then it was very difficult to get into one. Secondly, people from the Machine Field would get discriminated once they go to the Cultivation Realm. Therefore, only an extreme few from the Machine Field would go to the Cultivation Realm. It can be said that the Cultivators wouldn’t see someone from the Machine Field for years. But now, there was a group of people from the Machine Field. It was no wonder why the Cultivators were somewhat curious.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t mind it as his eyes proceeded to sweep the stalls. But disappointingly, there were nothing special in the stalls. Majority of those displayed were beast skins or beast bones. These things were completely useless for Zhao Hai. What Zhao Hai needed was a live beast, not parts of a dead one.</p>

  <p>Then suddenly, Zhao Hai discovered a stall in the corner. And unexpectedly, the stall was manned by a small child. The child looked more than ten years old and was quite mature for his age. There were some items in his stall that looked very simple. But on a rag on the ground lay a plant. This plant was in a small tile pot. However, the plant’s trunk looked dry, it also had a few leaves left. It can be said that the plant was half-dead.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai proceeded to walk to the stall and examined the potted plant. Although the plant looked half-dead, Zhao Hai could sense a strong life force coming from it. Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to buy the plant.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the child and said, “What plant is this? How many crystal stones for it?”</p>

  <p>The child stared at Zhao Hai, but after he heard his question, the child immediately answered, “I don’t know what plant it is. I dug it from the foot of a mountain. If you want it, I can sell it for ten crystal stones.”</p>

  <p>To be honest, 10 crystal stones wasn’t cheap, especially for a half-dead plant. And even if Zhao Hai can feel the life force inside this plant, other people couldn’t. Zhao Hai had the Space that had an affinity for plants. This also explained why this child has been here for days not being able to sell the plant.</p>

  <p>But without hesitation, Zhao Hai took out ten crystal stones and handed it over to the child. Then he carefully inspected the plant. This plant was a small tree about a meter high. It still had a few scattered leaves remaining. It’s trunk was very dry, looking much like the face of an old person. It wasn’t attractive at all.</p>

  <p>However, this feature made the plant special. Generally, plants of this size wouldn’t have a lot of cracks on their trunks. But this specific plant seem to have weathered through life for countless years. It was truly strange.</p>

  <p>A short while after Zhao Hai began inspecting the plant, an arrogant voice was suddenly heard, “I want this tree, how many stones?” Zhao Hai turned around to see a young man dressed in Cultivator clothes. The young man had an extremely arrogant look on his face.</p>

  <p>The Cultivator robes he wore was very well made. His hair was in a ponytail while a fan was held in one of his hands. The young man looked like a son of a wealthy family.</p>

  <p>The child looked at the young master as he awkwardly said, “I’m sorry, this tree has been sold to this gentleman. He has already given me his payment.”</p>

  <p>The Cultivator turned his head to Zhao Hai when he heard the child. He coldly snorted and then said with disdain, “Machine Field bumpkin, state your price. I want that tree.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the young cultivator as he smiled faintly and then sent the plant to the Space. Then he calmly replied, “I’m sorry, it’s not for sale.”</p>

  <p>When the young man saw Zhao Hai putting the plant away, his eyes couldn’t help but shrink. This slight reaction couldn’t be hidden from Zhao Hai. This caused Zhao Hai to confirm that the plant was certainly special. Otherwise, this young man wouldn’t have been so adamant to buy it.</p>

  <p>Upon hearing that Zhao Hai was not willing to sell, the young man’s expression changed. Then he gave out a strange smile as he asked once more, “You’re really not selling it?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I’m not selling.”</p>

  <p>The young man suddenly laughed and said, “Machine Field bumpkin, you actually dared to come to the Cultivation Realm to steal our treasures. I don’t know if you’re dumb or you just want to die. You better surrender that tree to me today, or else, hehe. I will let you know that the Cultivation Realm isn’t for people like you.”</p>
</body>
</html>