<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1047: World-Creating Merit Law</h3>

  <p>It can be said that the current Universal Processing Machine has become more powerful. The machine can now process living beings, which was a very formidable ability.</p>

  <p>The new Processing Machine had lost its controls, instead it was replaced by voice commands. If Zhao Hai wanted something to be made, then he can just present the materials to the machine and tell it what to do.</p>

  <p>Although there were still ten magic formations in front of the Processing Machine, its output actually increased by about five times. Before, one Processing Machine can make 5000 jin of liquor, ten of them would make 50,000 jin. But now, the Processing Machine can make 250 thousand jin of liquor. The difference in output was very huge.</p>

  <p>After understanding the Processing Machine’s function, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but nod. The Processing Machine couldn’t make living things and could just improve them. But even so, it was very great. It’s just a pity that he didn’t know how to upgrade the Scanner.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the Processing Machine before he turned to Laura and said, “Now that the Processing Machine has so many functions, we shouldn’t waste it. Laura, see if you can find ways for the Processing Machine to improve the animals in the Space. Those we use for meat needed to live longer and grow larger. Those used for combat should become much stronger.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded, “Rest assured, Brother Hai, I know what to do. Not only the animals, we should also improve the plants. The Bread Tree can be improved so that it would produce more fruit.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, before helping with this matter, come with me first. I need to record all of the inheritance that the Heart Defending Clan had passed down. We’ll pass them over to the people inside the Space. The people inside the Space are still quite weak. If we went to the Cultivation Realm, they wouldn’t be able to help out much.”[1]</p>

  <p>Cai’er gave a nod before she followed Zhao Hai. Meanwhile, Laura and the others studied the Processing Machine. The group looked at the machine’s manual to come up with ways to optimize its uses for the Space.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai returned to his room and immediately sat down in a cross-legged position. The Heart Defending Clan were able to fight against the people from the Cultivation Realm. In fact, a lot of the cultivation methods of the Cultivation Realm came from the people depicted in the mural. It can be said that the cultivation methods of the Heart Defending Clan were the roots of most of the Cultivation Realm’s manuals.</p>

  <p>The inheritance that Zhao Hai acquired contains almost all of the methods used by the Heart Defending Clan. And most of these methods had the outline of the World-creating merit law, which was an incomparably powerful law.</p>

  <p>The World Creating Merit Law was the most important cultivation method of the Heart-defending Clan. This cultivation method was developed after nine years of contemplation regarding the World-creating god’s feat. This method can be said to be the first method of the Heart-defending Clan.</p>

  <p>The World-Creating Merit law had about 2000 characters. However, each character needed very difficult deliberation in order to be fully understood.</p>

  <p>As time went by, Zhao Hai felt that the World Creating Merit Law and the Yin Yang Stellar Transformations art had common aspects. This caused Zhao Hai to become more careful as he read on.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai seemed to be in a wondrous state. He closed his eyes and kept understanding the merit law. The stellar transformations art seem to involuntarily rotate inside his body. Each revolution became smoother and smoother with each iteration. In the beginning, things seem to be unclear, but after this event things seem to become more and more transparent. Zhao Hai had benefited a lot.</p>

  <p>Unaware of how long it has been, after in a daze for some time, Zhao Hai woke up from his wondrous state. He slowly opened his eyes before breathing out some foul gas. Then he turned to Cai’er who was beside him and said, “Cai’er, how long have I been sitting?”</p>

  <p>Cai’er woke up, her face red before she answered, “Young Master, you’ve been sitting for two days.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he suddenly felt an intense urge to vomit. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare for a moment before running straight to the bathroom. Then he vomited some purplish black liquid straight into the toilet.</p>

  <p>The purplish black liquid that Zhao Hai spat out smelled rancid. It had the same scent as decayed blood.</p>

  <p>Cai’er saw Zhao Hai’s vomit and was terrified. She knew that it was impossible for people with Zhao Hai’s strength to get sick. She thought that Zhao Hai was injured. With the color drained from her face, she asked, “Young Master, what happened? Did you get sick?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I didn’t. I just had some breakthrough in cultivation. And with my new heart expelling bad blood, it’s just right for me to vomit some impurities.”</p>

  <p>When she heard Zhao Hai say this, Cai’er felt relieved. Zhao Hai washed his mouth until he got rid of the rancid taste. At the same time, he also felt the unprecedented strength of his spirit. His body had also become more powerful. He also seemed to develop a new scent. It wasn’t strong, just mellow. And although it was also quite thick, it wasn’t overpowering. It was a scent that made people feel refreshed.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knew that these things were because of the heart. However, he didn’t expect to develop a scent. To be honest, Zhao Hai has always been apprehensive about men using perfume. He didn’t think that his body would emit a scent, it made him somewhat annoyed.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai sighed, then he turned to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, record it well. This World Creating Merit Law is the ancestor of most Cultivation Methods….. There is an energy that can create worlds. The energy of the heavens and the earth is found in one’s breath. The breath of the heavens and the earth is the Yin and Yang. The breath of yin-yang is the world. The heart is a mirror that reflects the universe. The body’s flesh and blood is the ocean. Breath in the sea and breath out an ocean…….”</p>

  <p>Cai’er kept record of all these words. Before long, the entire World Creating Merit Law’s 2000 characters have been recorded. Zhao Hai breathed deeply and said, “Cai’er, this is the origin of most cultivation records. Make sure to preserve this well. When the time comes, we’ll place this World Creating Merit Law in our major academies for them to study. In the future, this cultivation method would be the Space’s foundation.”</p>

  <p>Cai’er nodded. There was a reason why Zhao Hai wanted to set up the World Creating Merit Law in the academies. Although the Merit Law was quite profound, its words can be easily understood. Only people on Zhao Hai’s level could understand the law’s deepest meanings. Therefore, Zhao Hai was not afraid that people couldn’t learn this law.</p>

  <p>After reading the merit law, Zhao Hai began to go through the other cultivation methods of the Heart Defending Clan. He wanted to add methods for the Space’s people to improve. Naturally, Zhao Hai would test these methods first before putting them out.</p>

  <p>There Heart Defending Clan didn’t have a lot of cultivation methods. All in all, there were about 300 of them. Some of them were quite profound, and it also indicated what strength one should have so that they wouldn’t suffer backlash. Although Zhao Hai made Cai’er record these things, he wasn’t planning on putting all of them on the Academies. Even if the students wanted to study these methods, it wouldn’t be good if they were harmed.</p>

  <p>After hearing Zhao Hai recount all of the cultivation methods, Cai’er had recorded 360 all in all. However, these were only cultivation methods, there were still crafting methods, medicine concoction techniques, and even formations inside Zhao Hai’s head. These things were precious resources from the Heart Defending Clan. Naturally, Zhao Hai wouldn’t put them to waste and recorded them all.</p>

  <p>When everything has been written down, Zhao Hai told Cai’er to send some of them to the Academies. As for the more profound records, they were sent to Wild Dragon Island.</p>

  <p>While Zhao Hai was dealing with these things, ten days have passed. These past ten days has been quite stressful for him. Besides the sheer number of things needed to be recorded, the profundity of each of them wasn’t making it easier.</p>

  <p>Upon heading out from his room, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare since he expected Laura and the others to be in the living room. However, Zhao Hai changed his mind when he realized that the women were currently studying the Processing Machine.</p>

  <p>Laura used to be a formidable businesswoman. So after finding out about the new uses of the Processing Machine, she put her all into studying the possibilities. She wanted to find ways to improve the plants and animals in order to maximize their benefits to the Space.</p>

  <p>Among the things that needed to be improved, the most important one were the Argali. At this point, the Argali were the most eaten animal inside the Space. Not only was their meat tasty, they were also very docile. At the same time, their wool, skin, and bones were very useful. It was the magic beast that people inside the Space liked the most.</p>

  <p>The Argali weren’t small, but Laura still wanted them to be bigger. After the modification, the Argali were now as big as a cow. This chang didn’t affect their taste nor their temperament. The modification also wouldn’t bring harm to the consumer’s body. It can be said that the Argali were optimized up to the genes.</p>

  <p>Laura and the others also made modifications to the other farm animals inside the Space. Just these beasts were enough to occupy them for a while. Not to mention, they still needed to modify the grains and vegetables.</p>

  <p>Sure enough, when Zhao Hai came out of the villa, he was able to see Laura and the others right beside the Processing Machine. They had a set of things in front of them. Zhao Hai looked at it and they were all kinds of plant seeds.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai walked over to the group. But since the women were too invested in the discussion, they weren’t able to sense him at all. Zhao Hai stood there looked at them, their faces seem to be very busy.</p>

  <p>He gave the task of studying the Processing Machine over to Laura and the others because he wanted them to have something to busy themselves with. Actually, Zhao Hai expected them to be extremely bored, he didn’t expect them to sink deep into the task. After seeing Laura and the others concentrating deeply on the job, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but feel ignored.</p>

  <p>But then, Laura suddenly stopped. She sniffed the air and said, “What is this smell? Did anyone of you put on any perfume?”</p>

  <p>Lizzy and the others shook their heads. Zhao Hai scratched his head, he really didn’t know what to say. At this time, Meg turned and saw Zhao Hai. She was immediately surprised, “Young Master, you’re here.”</p>

  <p>As soon as they heard Meg’s quip, Laura and the others immediately noticed Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai looked at them and smiled, “You guys are really concentrating on the job. You didn’t even notice me. I’ve been here for some time.”</p>

  <p>Laura and the others spat out their tongues. They were indeed too busy on the Processing Machine. To be honest, they were secretly excited about the job.</p>

  <p>Laura sniffed the air with her nose as she said, “Brother Hai, what smell is that? Are you using perfume?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “I don’t even know what scent this is. I don’t wear perfume, I don’t like that stuff. It’s because of that little heart. Now that it had become my new heart, it expelled impurities from by body. Then I suddenly had this scent.”</p>

  <p>Laura sneaked closer into Zhao Hai’s body and smelled him. Then she nodded and said, “You really smell nice. It makes people feel comfortable. Right, Brother Hai, these are the things we are currently working on.” Then she pointed at the things in front of her.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the seeds, he nodded and said, “What seed is this?”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and said, “It’s nothing special. These are seeds of leafy vegetables. We want to improve them, but making leafy vegetables bigger would make their veins harder. In that case, it wouldn’t be good to eat. We’re still thinking of ways to do this.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded. These seeds seem to be cole crops. They’re very good to eat and they’re quite tasty as well. However, they grow too little. Laura and the others wanted to make them even bigger.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and then said, “Alright, I think we should just let it go. If we make them too big, we’ll be changing their taste. We don’t really need bigger cabbages. Let’s take a rest. Meg, can you arrange something delicious for us? These past few days made me very hungry.”</p>

  <p>Meg nodded before turning around to leave. Laura seemed to not care about what Zhao Hai said. She still placed the seeds into the magic formation and then put forward&#160; a bunch of parameters. In the end, the Processing Machine spat out new seeds. Although they had yet to see the seed’s true plant, Laura just placed a label on it before throwing it over to the Space’s warehouse.</p>

  <p>After everything was finished, everyone returned to the living room. At this time, Meg had already prepared the meals. Each person had steak and lettuce. Zhao Hai looked at the food and couldn’t help but frown a bit. He seldom ate steak and Meg rarely made it. They usually ate chinese cuisine, he didn’t expect Meg to cook steak today.</p>

  <p>After seeing Zhao Hai’s expression, Meg smiled and said, “Young Master, taste it. The steak came from our improved cows. The vegetables and spices used are new as well.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Meg, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but pat his head. It seems like the food has been improved.</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">* * *</p>

  <p>I changed heart’s defenders to Heart Defending Clan</p>
</body>
</html>