<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 516: Black Bear Tribe’s Friendship Flag</h3>

  <p>Beastmen are very strange, if you gave them any gift, no matter how precious, they would without a doubt accept it. Even if they knew that you’re just doing it to help them, they would still receive it with no hesitations. However, if you give them liquor during a meal, especially if you’re still not very familiar with them, they would think that you’re looking down on them. For them, this was a very huge matter.</p>

  <p>But even so, the barbecue this time was very tasty. Even if it was Megan and Lizzy’s first time drinking genuine Beastman Milk Wine, its taste wasn’t that far from Zhao Hai’s distilled milk wine.</p>

  <p>This meal made Zhao Hai and the others quite full, they also hadn’t drunk any small liquor. They were in the presence of Beastmen, the more you eat and drink, the happier the Beastmen get.</p>

  <p>After eating their meal, it was already quite late. Therefore, Zhao Hai and the others returned to their tent. It seems like it would be impossible to talk about the grain with the Black Bear Patriarch today.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai returned to his tent, he expected that nobody would come. But just after they entered the Space, Mendez and Buffon arrived. This surprised Zhao Hai, then he made Laura and the others go out of the Space again.</p>

  <p>The two might look tipsy, but one could see that they weren’t that drunk. Zhao Hai served them some Spatial Water, but they didn’t drink it. Buffon looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, we told the Black Bear Tribe about the Radiant Church’s involvement. But now it looks like we told them quite early.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, then Mendez guiltily smiled, “We did tell them a little bit too early. The Black Bear Tribe lacked grain, but they didn’t discuss this matter with us immediately. It seems like they wanted to wait until the war starts and snatch their food there. They’re not planning to buy a lot of food from you. Really, who said that these Bears as too simple? This is too insincere.”</p>

  <p>Hearing their concerns, Zhao Hai came to an understanding. He couldn’t help but smile and said, “It’s fine, you’re thinking too much. The Black Bear clan is having a hard time, so it’s natural that they’d buy as little as possible. I’ll tell you the truth, if the Beastmen didn’t lack grain, I wouldn’t be selling the Bread Fruits. If I make these Fruits into liquor, I’d be getting multiple times more profits from them. You don’t need to worry about it too much.”</p>

  <p>Mendez sighed, “Thank you, Little Hai. If there are more Humans like you, I think there wouldn’t be any more wars between Humans and Beastmen.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “People have ambition. As long as ambition is present, war will continually happen. Sooner or later, conflicts will appear. With my own strength, I couldn’t’ change everything, I’m just doing all I can to help.”</p>

  <p>Mendez and Buffon sighed, they knew that Zhao Hai was right. This thing called ambition was impossible to control. Not to mention the Humans, Beastmen were the same. Otherwise, the matter with the Fighting Bulls wouldn’t have happened.</p>

  <p>Buffon looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, what do you plan to do next?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I’ll head to Beast God City to take a look. The things I need to do here are almost done. Even if the Black Bears have other Warring Clan friends, we aren’t sure if they have huge problems regarding food. If they have ears around, they may even know about the war. So it’s probable that they wouldn’t buy any grain. I also want to go to Beast God City to see how willing the other Beastmen were when it comes to war since Humans might become the most undesirable people in the prairie.”</p>

  <p>Buffon snorted, “ I don’t know about other humans, but you will definitely have no problems. Don’t forget, you’re now a Prince of the Herculean Bulls, you’re basically half beastman. If you want, you can head back to our main camp and wait of our Dog-headed race’s friendship flag.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled, “Forget it. If worse comes to worst, I can just return to the Herculean Bull tribe. Moreover, I’ve also received a new fief just recently, I still have a lot of work to do. It’s more likely that I’d need to return to Human Territory soon. Don’t worry, i won’t go too far.”</p>

  <p>Mendez nodded, “Alright. In any case, if war does happen, Beastmen don’t generally kill humans in the Prairie, we’d only chase them away. You also have the Herculean Bull’s King’s flag, that should be quite useful.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and then smiled, “Well, you don’t really need to worry about me. I’m just going to Beast God City in order to see the situation and maybe make one or two business deals.”</p>

  <p>Mendez sighed and said, “I really think that war would definitely happen. But I really don’t want to fight the Rosen Empire. Little Hai shouldn’t worry about it.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I won’t, my territory is a small island. It would be impossible for the Beastman’s attack to reach there.”</p>

  <p>Mendez nodded, then he looked at the skies and said, “It’s already quite late, we’ll head back to rest. Little Hai, I think you should go hand your grain over to the Wolves as soon as possible. The Wolves are very mannered people, it wouldn’t be good if you go too late.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “Right, rest assured, I’ll go there tomorrow. You don’t need to worry, you go rest now.” The two nodded, then stood up and returned to their tent.</p>

  <p>After that, Zhao Hai and the others returned to the Space. Then Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “It looks like we misjudged the determination of the Beastman Race. There is a huge food shortage in the Prairie right now, it doesn’t matter if this situation was caused by the Radiant Church, I think the Beastmen would still wage war regardless. They really need food.”</p>

  <p>Megan looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Big Brother Hai, will the Beastmen run to the Black Wasteland? If they do, they might cause troubles.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “They shouldn’t, the situation with the Black Wasteland didn’t happen in a day or two. All of the races in the Continent should know about the Poisonous Mist right now. Even the Beastmen wouldn’t’ charge towards it at this point. You don’t need to worry about it, we’re fine.”</p>

  <p>Megan nodded, then Lizzy frowned and said, “Elder Brother Hai, what effects do you think this will have to the Rosen Empire? Didn’t the Empire prohibit trade towards Aksu Empire? Because of this, there would be less merchants who can go to the Prairie and trade with the Beastmen and sell them food. If this becomes the case, then wouldn’t the Rosen Empire be an accomplice in this war?”</p>

  <p>When he heard Lizzy, Zhao Hai’s expression changed, the he said, “That makes sense. But I don’t think that it’s the Empire’s fault that the Merchants weren’t able to do business. Can Great Nobles really give up their profits? No! Especially getting profits from the Beastmen, they wouldn’t want to miss this opportunity. Therefore, I don’t think that it’s the Rosen Empire’s fault. If we really think too much into it, then it would be much more evident that this matter is caused by the Radiant Church.”</p>

  <p>Laura and the others stared, they couldn’t understand what Zhao Hai was saying. Zhao Hai sighed and said, “You should know that the Rosen Empire didn’t want the Radiant Church to exist in its territory, this offended the Church. If the Radiant Church intentionally held the food from the Beastmen, they can push the fault to the Rosen Empire. When that time comes, the Rosen Empire would be in very huge trouble!”</p>

  <p>Lizzy and the other’s complexion changed, they knew that if the Radiant Church can push the fault of this matter to the Rosen Empire, the Rosen Empire would be hated by the entire Continent. The Church’s move was using a borrowed knife to deal with another. Shifting the blame in this matter was a ruthlessly dirty move.</p>

  <p>Lizzy was the one who cared the most about this situation, she immediately turned to ZHao Hai and said, “Elder Brother Hai, what do we do? If the Radiant Church’s plan goes well, our Rosen Empire would be isolated by the Continent.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “We should quickly write a letter to his majesty informing him of what happened here, and have the Empire get ready. The Radiant Church wanted to use this method to deal with us, I think they’re just waiting until the Beastmen declare war. We shouldn’t let this matter wait, let’s have his Majesty handle this matter and turn this into the Radiant Church’s bad luck. How to deal with this would have to be left to His Majesty, he has more understanding than me regarding these things. The only thing we need to do is inform him.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy nodded, then Zhao Hai took out some writing materials and had Lizzy write a letter to the Emperor. Then he had it taken from his office back on Golden Island by Kun and sent to the Calci Family via blood hawk. Randolph can then send it to the Emperor.</p>

  <p>The reason why Zhao Hai went through so much trouble was because he wanted people to not suspect him. He had the letter sent using a Blood Hawk since people already knew about it.</p>

  <p>After completing these, Zhao Hai and the others felt relief and rested in the villa. However, they couldn’t help but feel a bit of fear inside. If the Radiant Church really did succeed, then the Rosen Empire would surely be in deep trouble. The Radiant Church can use this matter to splash some dirty water onto the Rosen Empire. With the number of their believers, it wouldn’t take too long before an uproar would happen against the Rosen Empire. The Radiant Church can then suppress the Rosen Empire, and may even force the Empire to allow the religion inside.</p>

  <p>Although this information was still unconfirmed, but it was better to be on guard just in case the Radiant Church did indeed cause it. At this point, Zhao Hai was now utterly disgusted with the Radiant Church. In his mind, the image of the Church had now become an organization that would resort to all means just to accomplish their goals.</p>

  <p>In order to deal with an enemy, they actually didn’t hesitate to cause an interracial war. If this matter was really proven to be caused by the Radiant Church, then they would definitely become an evil organization.</p>

  <p>The next morning, after having their breakfast, the Black Bear Patriarch invited Zhao Hai over to the golden tent, making Zhao Hai postpone his plan of going to the Prairie Wolves.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai entered the golden tent, and unexpectedly, Mendez and Buffon were actually present. Zhao Hai then went to the Black Bear Patriarch and offered his greetings. The Patriarch returned the gesture to Zhao Hai as he asked him to sit down. After Zhao Hai sat down, the Black Bear Patriarch looked at him and said, “Mister Zhao Hai, I invited you today in order to discuss with you about the food.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then the Black Bear Patriarch continued, “I think mister already knows about how we were deceived by a Human Merchant years before. We have been unable to recover since then, so we really wanted to buy some food from mister. However, Mendez told us yesterday that the food shortage might have been artificial. If this is really the case, then we Beastman would be waging a war against the humans. During the war, we would be able to pillage some resources, so this time we can’t buy too much food from you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the Black Bear Patriarch. He already knew that the Black Bears wouldn’t buy too much food from what he heard yesterday. He thought that the Black Bear Patriarch would find an excuse to tell him. But he never thought that the Black Bear Patriarch would actually tell him the actual reason. This made Zhao Hai surprised.</p>

  <p>He was too used to the false talk of Humans that he was startled when he met an honest person. Although Buffon and Mendez had told him that the Black Bears were honest people, Zhao Hai didn’t expect them to be very honest.</p>

  <p>Seeing that it took a long time for Zhao Hai to respond, the Black Bear Patriarch thought that he was unhappy. He quickly added, “Mister Zhao Hai can feel relieved. Our Black Bear tribe would cooperate with you in the future. But this time, we really just need a small amount of food.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai recovered, he quickly said, “Patriarch is too polite. This isn’t really a problem. I also understand the Patriarch’s reason. How much do you want?”</p>

  <p>When the Black Bear Patriarch saw that Zhao Hai wasn’t unhappy, he smiled and said, “We’re going to buy 40 million jin first. Do you have this much?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I can give it to you immediately. As long as Patriarch finds a place to receive them, I shall give them to you. I have more than 40 million in my hands right now.”</p>

  <p>The Black Bear Patriarch looked at Zhao Hai, then he understood that Zhao Hai had a Space Bag. He immediately became happy and replied, “Good, fantastic. Mister can just place them outside. I’ll have some people clear a place out. Right, does mister want Magic Beasts as payment?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “You can also give me some gold and silver coins, those things aren’t really useful in the Prairie. You can also give me some Magic Beasts if your coins aren’t enough.”</p>

  <p>The Black Bear Patriarch’s eyes turned bright, then he laughed and said, “Alright, Mister is really our tribe’s friend. Right, Lieben, immediately take our tribe’s friendship flag. I must give mister our Black Bear Tribe’s friendship flag.!” Lieben nodded, then he turned around to leave.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t think that he would be receiving a friendship flag this time. The Black Bear Tribe was a big Warring Clan, their friendship flag was really too important. One could say &#160;that with this flag, he could surely walk sideways in the Prairie. There would be too few people who would dare offend him.</p>
</body>
</html>