<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1240: 1 vs 5</h3>

  <p>Pa, Pa, Pa</p>

  <p>An applause was suddenly heard, causing Situ Nan and the others to change their complexion. Although Cultivators were more durable compared to Mages and Warriors in the Machine Field, their strength was still reduced to 60 percent after fighting all those bugs. If an enemy came at this time, then it would certainly be troublesome.</p>

  <p>The other party making themselves known through this matter only meant bad intentions. The five looked at the direction of the clap, then couldn’t help but get stunned.</p>

  <p>Several people in mage robes and warrior clothing came out from a passage. The one clapping was a man in black mage robes.</p>

  <p>SItu Nan and the others were stunned at the clothing worn by these people. Mage robes and warrior clothing were only worn in the Machine Field. And it was well-known that the folks from the Machine Field were at the bottom of the six realms. This was the first time where people from the Machine Field actually showed themselves and didn’t hide.&#160;</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Situ Nan and the others, then he smiled and said, “Cultivators are truly strong. Your fighting strength caused me to be in awe. To be honest, I don’t want to kill you. But it’s a pity that you have the cultivation methods that I want. Therefore, even if I don’t want to, I’ll have to end your lives here.”</p>

  <p>Situ Nan’s group of five looked at each other before they burst out laughing. Situ Nan covered his belly as he pointed at Zhao Hai and said, “Kid, are you awake? You want to kill us? You’re from the Machine Field, how can you possibly kill us? Hahahaha. I swear, this is the funniest joke I heard.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t care about their reaction. He just looked at his prey with a smile on his face. That’s what people are. If you ridicule the other party and they get angry, then you would find pleasure in it. If the other people scolds you, and you scold them back, but then you turn indifferent, this would make the other party uncomfortable.</p>

  <p>Seeing Zhao Hai’s calmly smiling, Situ Nan and the others couldn’t help but be shaken. They stopped laughing. Then Situ Nan looked at Zhao Hai with a cold expression and said, “Kid, I’m amused that you don’t know the immensity of the heavens and the earth. Leave all the bugs you killed, then we’ll let you go. Otherwise, you can go die!”</p>

  <p>After he said that, Situ Nan let out an imposing aura towards Zhao Hai. Seeing this aura, Zhao Hai just smiled and released his own, stopping Situ Nan’s aura midway.</p>

  <p>Upon seeing this, Situ Nan and the others’ expressions changed. It was at this time that they knew that the other party was truly threatening them.</p>

  <p>The group immediately went on-guard. Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “You’re very weak, but you actually want this Zhao Hai’s life. I just don’t know who doesn’t know the immensity of the heavens and the earth.” As soon as he said that, Zhao Hai released a 100-layer formation in front of him. Then this formation exploded as a fire dragon burst forth and rushed straight towards Situ Nan.&#160;</p>

  <p>Situ Nan felt the threat of this fire dragon, his expression changed but then he suddenly sneered. He doesn’t believe that a Mage could break his defenses. He moved his hand as his bell appeared before his body.</p>

  <p>Dang!&#160;</p>

  <p>A ringing sound was heard as the fire dragon hit the bell. The bell rocked twice but it managed to block the fire dragon’s blow.</p>

  <p>However, this wasn’t the end of the fire dragon. Like a living being, the fire dragon coiled around the bell and then ignited its body.</p>

  <p>Others might not know how strong the fire dragon was, but Situ Nan knew clearly. He could feel the waves of attack that the fire dragon was doing. It was akin to ocean waves hitting the bell, causing it to shiver gently. And if this goes on for some time, then the bell would no doubt be shattered by the fire dragon.</p>

  <p>Situ Nan’s expression changed. Then he moved his hand to cast his secret art. He mouthed out some words before he whispered, “Nine Tone Method, Shake!” As his incantation completes, the bell sharply rang with a frequency much faster than before. When the bell shook, a buzzing sound was heard. Now that the fire dragon wasn’t in Zhao Hai’s control, it slowly let go of the bell before its flames shrank.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s eyes sparkled, then he laughed and said, “Alright, since your bell likes to ring, try this out.” Then he waved his hand and another 100-layer formation appeared. This formation transformed into a giant metallic hammer. Then this hammer swung itself towards the bell.</p>

  <p>The hammer was more than ten meters in diameter and had an octagonal shape. Although it was just magic, the hammer had the imposing aura that could shake the world.</p>

  <p>In addition the hammer, the fire dragon also charged aggressively towards Situ Nan. Although its size was smaller than before, its threatening aura still couldn’t be underestimated.</p>

  <p>Situ Nan’s complexion changed. He didn’t expect Zhao Hai’s magic control to be this powerful. He could actually use two spells at the same time. Situ Nan quickly retreated as he made his bell make another move. The bell sounded out with tones that were uncommon to the ears.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t care about this change as he continued to command the hammer and fire dragon to hit Situ Nan. But at the same time, he was also paying close attention to the other Cultivators. This was a fight for life, not a fight in an arena. These people wouldn’t just sit still if they saw that Situ Nan is in real danger.</p>

  <p>And just like what Zhao Hai thought, seeing the two attacks, the others also changed their expressions. Dong Tutian moved his hand as his dragon turtle seal flew out. Then it increased its size and exerted a mountainous pressure towards Zhao Hai’s hammer.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai coldly snorted, then his hammer changed direction and pounded towards the dragon turtle seal. A bang was heard before the dragon turtle seal was flung in the air. However, this impact also caused Zhao Hai’s hammer to disappear.</p>

  <p>Dong Tutian spent a lot of strength to control the dragon turtle seal. Seeing it being thrown away, he quickly told the others, “This is bad, we need to work together!”</p>

  <p>The other Cultivators immediately used their magic treasures to attack Zhao Hai. Seeing these attacks heading towards him, Zhao Hai moved and welcomed them. At the same time, his staff appeared in his hand. Upon waving his staff, five 100-layer formations instantly appeared and attacked the five people.</p>

  <p>The five Cultivators now knew clearly that they couldn’t underestimate Zhao Hai. They quickly controlled their magic treasures to deal with Zhao Hai’s spells. At this moment, Zhao Hai’s staff turned into a greatsword. Then his figure vanished as he reappeared on Situ Nan’s side, already swinging his sword.</p>

  <p>When Situ Nan discovered that Zhao Hai appeared beside him, his complexion drastically changed. Then he moved his hand to make a small shield block Zhao Hai’s strike. As the shield was broken through by Zhao Hai’s sword, Situ Nan used the opportunity to retreat. Then he took out a lot of paper talismans and threw them all towards Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Just like the sound of paper tearing, Zhao Hai’s sword easily broke through the shield. But at the same time, the paper talismans turned into icicles and fire as they approached Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai waved his hand, discarding the shield that was still stuck in his sword. Then Zhao Hai waved his greatsword, breaking all of the icicles and fire with one fell swoop.</p>

  <p>At this time, the other Cultivators also discovered the predicament that Situ Nan was in. They all loudly shouted and then used their own secret arts to deal with Zhao Hai’s magic before attacking Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai coldly snorted, then he waved his sword causing another five 100-layer formations to attack the Cultivators. At the same time, he released sword qi from the sword to attack Situ Nan.</p>

  <p>It didn’t take long before the six combatants exchanged several moves. However, Zhao Hai was having the upper hand in a 1 vs 5. Not only did he break Situ Nan’s shield, he also made Situ Nan and the others frustrated.</p>

  <p>The Cultivators didn’t have good expressions on their faces. They didn’t expect Zhao Hai to be this formidable. At this time, the wood-element Cultivator loudly shouted, “Draw back to a formation!” Then his figure moved as he retreated. The others retreated as well and then made the same formation as they did when they surrounded the bugs. At the same time, they also brought out their own treasures.</p>

  <p>Situ Nan had his bell, Dong Tutian didn’t use his shield but instead his turtle dragon seal. The other people were also using the same weapons they used to deal with the bugs a moment ago. However, they were preparing another weapon as well as talismans to use at any time.</p>

  <p>The five-element formation was Situ Nan and the others’ last resort. The five element formation doesn’t require five different elements to be used. In fact, it only needed five Cultivators. However, the effect of the formation would depend on the Cultivators using it.</p>

  <p>The five-element formation allowed Situ Nan and the others to fight in their full strength. The more these five cooperated together, the more powerful they were.</p>

  <p>Back when they dealt with the flying bugs, everyone only used one weapon and they didn’t take out a second one nor did they use any talismans. But now that they were fighting against Zhao Hai, their second weapon was out and their paper talismans were also being used. Naturally, they had already regarded Zhao Hai’s threat to their lives.</p>

  <p>Seeing the five Cultivators like this, Zhao Hai laughed and said, “Alright, good. Gather around, it’s better to deal with you this way. Watch this.” Then Zhao Hai waved his hand as a 1000-layer formation appeared. The formation activated itself and under the five Cultivator’s gaze, a rift opened in the air as a meteorite dropped down. The meteorite’s target was the five Cultivators.</p>

  <p>When the wood-element Cultivator saw this, his complexion changed. Then he operated his leaf to retreat. However, what they didn’t expect was the rift following them. Meteorites continued to fall down from the rift, falling down with immense aura. The sight was astonishing.</p>

  <p>Seeing this scene, Situ Nan activated his bell. The bell increased its size as it covered everyone.</p>

  <p>At the same time Dong Tutian used his dragon turtle seal to increase its size and then meet the meteorites.</p>

  <p>The other Cultivators didn’t idle. They knew that all of these meteorites were under Zhao Hai’s control. Therefore, the two metal-element Cultivators took out their weapons and attacked Zhao Hai.</p>
</body>
</html>