<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 571: Whip</h3>

  <p>Although Humans are very powerful, much powerful than most races, they were also prone to infighting. Because of this, a lot of their historical records disappeared.</p>

  <p>However, Dwarves were different, they were extremely united. Therefore, their historical records were much more complete compared to the Humans. So Juno didn’t even trust the historical records of the Humans.</p>

  <p>Juno frowned and said, “But there seems to be no problem with the Elves’ Tree of Life. Also, there hasn’t been any signs of the Forbidden Areas being conquered. I don’t think the things in your book would happen.”</p>

  <p>Billy bitterly smiled and said, “I also hope so. Otherwise, huge troubles would come.”</p>

  <p>Juno sighed and didn’t say anything more. He also knew that there was nothing they could do right now. They can just have their ears open to news about the Elf’s Tree of Life.</p>

  <p>Juno looked at Billy and said, “What are you planning to do with Zhao Hai in the next days?”</p>

  <p>Billy smiled and said, “Didn’t I tell him that I’d take him around? Although he discovered the Divine Artifact, the prophecy hasn’t been confirmed yet. We naturally cannot just follow him.”</p>

  <p>Juno looked at Billy and said, “If we confirm that the Elves’ Tree of Life has problems, would you really follow him?”</p>

  <p>Billy’s eyes reflected his resolve as he nodded and said, “We shall. If we really confirm the prophecy, then my Dwarf Race shall follow him.”</p>

  <p>Juno bitterly smiled as he shook his head. Although Billy was his old friend, he cannot understand why Billy would be so resolved to fulfill a prophecy. If the Dwarf Race really followed Zhao Hai, people might see them as a joke.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t know about these, he was currently with Laura and the others as they followed the guide to a mountain cave. When they arrived, the Dwarf stood on its entrance and said, “Mister, if you need anything, don’t hesitate to call me. You can also stroll around, it doesn’t matter.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he expressed his gratitude to the Dwarf. When Zhao Hai and the others entered the cave, they couldn’t help but stare. The interior was actually decorated very well.</p>

  <p>The whole cave was covered in wooden boards whether it was the walls or the ground, you can’t even see any part of the mountain inside. The whole room was also designed to be suitable for Humans. Even the supplies inside were very carefully prepared for their daily needs.</p>

  <p>Laura and the others looked around, they didn’t expect the place to be like this. The cave was separated into three rooms; a living room and two bedrooms. Because the place was all decorated with wood, it had the appearance of a historical dwelling.</p>

  <p>Since the sun cannot penetrate inside, the rooms of the cave were all furnished with magic lamps. The lamps were quite good, their light was very gentle, it wasn’t too dazzling.</p>

  <p>Laura and the others explored the area before they returned to the living room. Laura smiled and said, “This place is really good. Compared to the Beastmen, this accommodation is much better. It seems like the Dwarves are doing much better compared to the Beastmen.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Naturally. The Buddha Empire doesn’t dare suppress the Dwarves too much. For them, Dwarven products are too important. Moreover, since the Dwarves’ income is much higher than the Beastmen, they wouldn’t need to contact other Humans for a long time.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded and then said, “Brother Hai, I think that the Dwarves are easy to speak with, they even allowed us to stroll around. Do you think we can get to the Elves through the Dwarves?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and shook his head, “I don’t think so, I think we first need get the trust of the Dwarves. We need to give them the milk wine tomorrow. Also, I didn’t expect them to drink so much. The next batch of delivery is enough to supply the entire mainland.”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and said, “You need to get busy. Although they aren’t as many as the Beastmen, they still had about the same population as a Human empire. With their reputation of drinking, it would be hard to supply them with milk wine.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “It looks like we needed to prepare more machines so that Grandpa Green can speed up the production of rice wine and beer. It also seems like the Dwarves preferred beer more.”</p>

  <p>Laura was puzzled, “Really? Their tastes are surely strange. But it’s still a good idea to get more machines. Our current production in the winery is just not enough. We also have a shortage of manpower, but I think we should get more people when the lands are fully cultivated.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai agreed, “I also need to have Lin send the second batch of slaves sooner. As long as we have more slaves, our shortage of manpower would be saved.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded, then she smiled and said, “Brother Hai, why don’t we just have the Undead help work in the wineries? Wouldn’t they count as manpower as well?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said, “We could, we have a lot of undead at hand. But if we want to stabilize the clan, depending on the undead is not a good idea. Also, we have new slaves in the Wasteland. I don’t think they would feel good if they see countless undead working.”</p>

  <p>At this time, a knock could be heard outside. Meg immediately stood up and opened the door to see a Dwarf standing outside. The Dwarf looked at Meg and bowed, “Please, tell Mister Zhao Hai that the Patriarch is inviting him over for a meal.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai went over and then smiled to the Dwarf and said, “Alright, then please.” Then he went out of the cave and followed the Dwarf.</p>

  <p>The Dwarf lead them to another cave. The cave was very big, making Zhao Hai and the others stare blankly for a moment. Inside the cave were a lot of tables. Beside the tables where Billy and Juno were present, the other tables also had Dwarves in them.</p>

  <p>Seeing Zhao Hai come, Billy immediately came to welcome him, “Mister Zhao Hai, please come over. I’ll also have to invite the madames to please sit on that table.” He pointed to the table next to them. The table was filled with Dwarf women, with empty seats among them. It seems like those spots were prepared for Laura and the others.</p>

  <p>Laura and the others also knew about customs, so they didn’t decline and after thanking Billy, then went and sat down on their table. Then Zhao Hai went to sit with Billy.</p>

  <p>After having settled down, Dwarf women immediately came to serve the food. Zhao Hai also paid attention to the female Dwarves. They weren’t tall, at about 1.4m in height. But their statures were very good, they looked quite skilled in the crafts, their skin might be brown, but they look dull of vitality. One could see that they were quite healthy.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai also inspected the dishes on the table. They’re very good, there were some meat as well as vegetables. There were even some dishes that Zhao Hai cannot recognize, it seems like these were unique to the Dwarves.</p>

  <p>Then Billy poured Zhao Hai a glass of liquor. This liquor was actually Zhao Hai’s milk wine. Ever since milk wine appeared on the continent, the Dwarves had been buying them in bulk. Since they wanted to entertain someone like Zhao Hai, naturally they cannot serve him potato wine.</p>

  <p>After pouring wine for himself, Billy raised his glass to Zhao Hai and said, “I’ll represent the Dwarf Race to welcome Mister Zhao Hai. I hope that our cooperation would become smooth in the future.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai also raised his glass and smiled, “That is for certain.” Then they drank the wine. Billy immediately turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, please have a taste of our dishes, I hope you take a liking to them.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai wasn’t polite, he immediately took his knife and fork and tasted the dishes on the table. The dishes of the Dwarves tasted very good, Zhao Hai cannot help but nod and said, “This is very good. It’s different from Human dishes, but it’s very delicious.”</p>

  <p>Billy laughed and said, “It’s good that you liked it. Mister Zhao Hai, I heard that when you visited the Divine Palace, you said that the Divine Artifact isn’t ordinary. I want to ask if you can really feel it?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t think that Billy would ask him about this. However, he also knew that it wasn’t impossible to hide this matter. It was because Juno as well as the Dwarf guide had already heard him saying this. Therefore, he didn’t conceal the truth, he nodded and said, “Of course, there’s no problem.”</p>

  <p>Then Zhao Hai wrinkled his brows and said, “How should I describe it? When I first saw the hammer I also thought that it was ordinary. However, immediately after that, I felt a huge pressure coming from it. I thought that the pressure was coming from the Great Hall, however, it actually came from the hammer. Moreover, I felt that it seems to be like an expert, even more formidable than 9th rank experts.”</p>

  <p>After that, Zhao Hai put out his hand and unraveled Mu’er who was on his waist and showed it to Billy, “This whip came from my Brother, the Herculean Bull Patriarch, gave to me. It’s called the Beast King’s whip, it’s a very powerful weapon. Without even using Battle Qi or Magic, it can contend against 9th rank experts. But I can feel that the hammer at your Great Hall is much more formidable than this whip.</p>

  <p>Billy stared at the the whip on Zhao Hai’s hand. He received the whip and took a closer look at it. He had never seen this whip before, but he can feel a pressure coming from it. It might not be as strong as the hammer, but Billy can feel that it was there.</p>

  <p>Not only Billy, but Juno was also inspecting the whip. Like Billy, Juno also felt the pressure from the whip. Juno felt like he wasn’t looking at a whip, but instead a powerful living creature that was a 9th rank expert.</p>
</body>
</html>