<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1139: A Bait!</h3>

  <p>Adams always felt that the huge meteorite was very weird. It was massive, and yet it was able to be moved by a small meteorite. Why was this the case?</p>

  <p>Just as Adams was puzzled, the back of the huge meteorite suddenly lit up like a rocket as it sped up and quickly hit the lead ship.&#160;</p>

  <p>When he saw this, alarms began blaring up inside Adams’s head. He suddenly thought of something as he ran to a table and looked at the red displays. At the same time, he yelled, “Enemy ambush! All personnel prepare for battle!”</p>

  <p>As Adams shouted, the lead ship already shot at the huge meteorite. However, the meteorite was just too big. Although the energy beams hit the meteorite, the only thing it did was bore two holes on its surface. There was no change to the meteorite’s trajectory.</p>

  <p>The meteorite continued on before directly hitting the lead ship. Moreover, the meteorite hit the ship’s bow. As soon as he saw this happen, Adams knew that the ship was finished.</p>

  <p>Whether it be combat ships or commercial ships, their command room was placed at the same location, the front of the ship. This wasn’t only for looks. Installed in each command room were tempered glass windows that allowed firsthand vision towards the outside of the ship. This was very beneficial to maneuvering.</p>

  <p>But now that it was hit by a meteorite, this design became the ship’s most fatal point. Although tempered glass was made with resilience in mind, it still couldn’t block against a direct strike of a meteorite.</p>

  <p>Generally, ship commanders would erect a metal plate outside the glass. However, this was only done during battles. In any other situation, the metal plate was hidden from sight.</p>

  <p>It was obvious that the lead ship’s commander didn’t expect an assault. Because of this, he failed to put up the metal barrier beforehand. Once the meteorite hit the tempered glass, the ship was finished.</p>

  <p>And just like what Adams thought, when the meteorite hit the tempered glass, it shattered instantaneously. And then the meteorite changed direction and flew to the opposite side.</p>

  <p>And then from the meteorite, a large quantity of human shadows came out and flew towards the ship. But Adams didn’t have the mood to ask who those people were. He just immediately said, “Erect the metal barriers. Mechs, Mages, Warriors, prepare to attack. Prime the weapon systems. Reduce speed to ten knots. Move slowly forward and attempt to push ship number 1 away. We’re making an avenue for escape.” The people in the ship immediately got busy. All of them saw the figures coming out of the meteorite. It was clear that they were being ambushed.</p>

  <p>At this time, a large number of Mages and Warriors rushed out from both sides of the fleet. A lot of these people also used meteorites to approach the ships. However, these meteorites weren’t as big as the one used by the Bone Symbol Camp. In the end, these meteorites were destroyed by the ship’s weapons. There were even people who died from the attacks.</p>

  <p>Meanwhile, after Zhao Hai and the others broke through ship number 1’s tempered glass, they quickly boarded the ship. The command room had been completely abandoned. The instruments inside were on fire, rendering them useless. All of the staff in the command room were dead, their corpses littered across the room.</p>

  <p>Tie Sheng looked all around and said, “Little Hai, you lead the way. Break through the cabin doors. Be sure to leave no survivors behind. We need to quickly eliminate everyone.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hao nodded before flying towards the room’s door. Then a 5-layer formation appeared, banging through the door. It didn’t take long before the door got crushed. Then Zhao Hai led the people forward through the destroyed cabin door.</p>

  <p>As Zhao Hai flew into the ship, he also used his spiritual force to scan the surrounding area. He was paying full attention to any enemies.</p>

  <p>Then suddenly, Zhao Hai felt two people in a cabin in front of him. It was two warriors, they already had their weapons out as they nervously stared at the door.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai waved his hand to stop the people behind him. These people have witnessed Zhao Hai’s strength, so they couldn’t help but look at what’s in front.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai turned to look at the others, then he gestured towards the door and said, “There are two people in the cabin up front, two Warriors. Once I open the door, immediately attack.” Everyone nodded. Then Zhao Hai floated towards the cabin door. He waved his hand, making a 10-layer formation appear. When the cabin door was destroyed, the two Warriors inside couldn’t help but let out a strange cry. As they were blocking against the broken shrapnels, one of them yelled, “Surrender, we surrender!” However, the people from the Bone Symbol Camp weren’t polite. It didn’t matter if they surrendered or not, the two Warriors were quickly eliminated.</p>

  <p>The people from the Bone Symbol Camp knew that they couldn’t leave any survivors due to the nature of their mission. Otherwise, the people from the Zhang Family would know who was behind the attack.</p>

  <p>After the two Warriors were eliminated, Zhao Hai didn’t care about them anymore. He flew forward and swept cabin after cabin. Mages and Warriors who weren’t able to leave were immediately killed by Zhao Hai inside their rooms. Then Zhao Hai took them into the Space to be turned into Undead.</p>

  <p>This merchant ship wasn’t small, so there were quite a lot of cabins inside it. Under Zhao Hai’s lead, they were able to clean the entire spaceship. Besides a little trouble in the room for mechs, the entire operation went with almost no resistance.</p>

  <p>Before long, the entire spaceship went into their control. Then Zhao Hai and the others returned to the command room. Upon arriving at the room, Zhao Hai saw that the metal barriers of the ship had been forcefully taken out. Even if it was deformed, the Mages and Warriors could still make use of it.</p>

  <p>After seeing Zhao Hai’s group, Tie Sheng looked at Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai nodded and said, “It’s done. Brother Tie Sheng, do we leave and help the others?”</p>

  <p>Tie Sheng shook his head and said, “There’s no use. Besides this ship, all others were prepared for the attack. The commander of this fleet is experienced. He used his own ship to push our ship away and then open a passage for escape.’</p>

  <p>When he heard Tie Sheng, Zhao Hai nodded. But then he couldn’t bear but ask, “So what do we do now? Do we stay here?” Tie Sheng shook his head and said, “We’re leaving. Since the ship’s engine had stopped working, we’ll go behind and push it using magic. We need to leave this place as soon as possible.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “Alright, then let’s go now.” After he said that, Zhao Hai led a group of Mages outside. When Tie Sheng saw that Margaret was about to leave, he quickly said, “Miss Margaret, you need to stay here. Since the battle is over, there shouldn’t be any danger outside. Let Zhao Hai handle this.” Margaret thought about it and decided to remain. She knew about the difference between her and Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai was merciless when the situation calls for it. And if any danger emerges, he could deal with it in less than ten minutes.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai led the Mages of the Bone Symbol Camp to the stern of the ship. All of them were wearing specially-made masks to hide their appearance from others.</p>

  <p>When everyone got out of the ship, they saw that the ship was already pushed to the side of the passage. There were also a lot of mech fragments and dead bodies floating in space. Meanwhile the fleet had already disappeared.</p>

  <p>By this time, there were a lot of Mages and Warriors around the ship. Naturally, these people were from the other camps.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai glanced at these people and whispered, “Everyone, let’s get this ship out quick. We need to avoid any attacks as soon as possible.”</p>

  <p>The Mages and Warriors who surrounded the ship didn’t have any identity on them. They were also wearing masks. As soon as they heard Zhao Hai, these people couldn’t help but hesitate. This mission was a joint task between multiple camps. Normally, they would compete with each other and made sure that the Bone Symbol Camp gets the least benefit. However, a core member of the family was overseeing this operation. If they were caught causing problems, then their camps would be punished.</p>

  <p>Seeing the Mages hesitate, Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Everyone, let’s move the ship so we don’t have to deal with any counter-attacks.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, those present couldn’t help but stare. In this situation, most people would keep everything for themselves. People like Zhao Hai who allowed sharing the merit were too rare.</p>

  <p>Not only the other camps, even those from the Bone Symbol Camp were shocked. They didn’t expect Zhao Hai to ask others for help. Does he want to share the reward with the others?</p>

  <p>Just as everyone was about to move, Zhao Hai’s expression suddenly changed. Then his figure flashed and appeared inside the command room. Tie Sheng was currently busy commanding everyone to make repairs. When he saw Zhao Hai appear, Tie Sheng couldn’t help but stare. Then he immediately asked, “What happened? Are the other camps making trouble?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “Brother Tie Sheng, we need to leave immediately. Both sides of the passage have been blocked by warships. It seems like the Zhang Family is already aware of this mission. They allowed the fleet to come here so that we could attack it. This way, they could find a reason to openly declare war on the family. They’ve already began sending people in. We don’t have enough time.” When he heard this, Tie Sheng’s expression changed, he said, “Are you sure?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I’m sure. And we’re going to be surrounded in about 20 minutes!”</p>
</body>
</html>