<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 494: Plate Silk Grass</h3>

  <p>Although there was nothing in the island right now, as soon as its function as a free port goes full throttle, everything will fall into place. Do you want to do business in the island? Then you will only be provided a piece of land, the other matters are for you to deal with. If you want to use a tunnel for yourself, then go and make your own structures, the island would give you preferential treatment.</p>

  <p>If you don’t want to make your own structure, then that wouldn’t be a problem. The island would help you construct it, however, you need to remember to pay the fees.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai already thought about how Iron Mountain fort had nothing right now. So what did he do about the artisans that the Aksu Empire brought here? If he didn’t use them, then it would be a pity. Because of this, Zhao Hai has thought about making a construction team and having them build some structures for him. After all, even if they are undead, their capabilities aren’t much less than those who were alive.</p>

  <p>A group of 8th rank undead builders constructing a house, what scene would that be? Thinking about this made Zhao Hai smile. He believed that if this construction force were to be brought back to earth, their bosses would certainly make sure that they get their wages on time.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai used this construction group to build a small building outside the naval base first. This building would be used by the managers that he had brought from Iron Mountain Fort.</p>

  <p>These staff that were from Iron Mountain fort was naturally Laura’s subordinates. All of Laura’s people were capable of handling an important task by themselves. Placing them in Iron Mountain to teach as well as to command undead was too much of a waste.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t really want to kill those coolies and artisans. However, he didn’t have any choice since the artisans themselves took up their own weapons and fought against him. Because of this, Zhao Hai had no choice but to end them.</p>

  <p>A thing that made Zhao Hai happy was the number of Mages present this time. Majority of these Mages were Earth Mages and Water Mages. This was because they had the most use in constructing a naval base.</p>

  <p>Aksu Empire got together and sent forth about a thousand Mages. Moreover, the levels of these Mages aren’t low since they needed to create a naval base at the shortest time possible. This was to ensure that the Aksu Empire held the advantage in the future sea battles around the island.</p>

  <p>However, it was a pity that this naval base was handed to Zhao Hai. Originally, Zhao Hai wanted to wait until the fleet stepped foot on the island before he made his move and extinguish them. Who would’ve known that as soon as the fleet arrived, they would immediately construct a naval base. This gave Zhao Hai an idea, they want to construct a base? Fantastic! Then he would just have to wait until they are done before he stepped in and clean them up.</p>

  <p>It would be impossible for all of these builders to participate in making the small building. Zhao Hai was planning to make a five story building, the first floor would be used for working, while the remaining ones are going to be used for living quarters. The remaining coolies and artisans were sent out to repair the roads of the island.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai remembers a very famous slogan in China. If you want to be rich, then build proper roads first. If Zhao Hai wants to attract merchants to Golden Island, then he would naturally have to provide them with a good environment. So Zhao Hai was also preparing to improve the overall facade of the island.</p>

  <p>What was something that was abundant in the island? The answer was tunnels. There were a lot of tunnels and caves in the island. Some of them were interconnected with each other, while some were just dead ends.</p>

  <p>Inside those tunnels and caves were weeds that needed to be dealt with. But when Zhao Hai saw these weeds, he found out that they were weeds that he hadn’t seen before. He became curious about them so he placed some of them into the Space, “Thousand-year old grass detected. Has strong medicinal functions. They might look like individual blades of grass, but all of them are interconnected with each other, making the grass have a strong vitality. It is recommended that the host transfers all of the grass into the Space. The Space would use its property to improve its grass as well as the growth of the plants inside.”</p>

  <p>The Space didn’t hint that the grass can make it level up, nor did it provide the rank of the grass. However, the function of the grass made Zhao Hai glad. With these properties, he didn’t wait for a moment before he started to collect them.</p>

  <p>As long as he can upgrade the Space, Zhao Hai wouldn’t hesitate even if he needed to uproot all of the weeds inside Golden Island.</p>

  <p>Presently, the way that Zhao Hai can receive items have become much easier. In the past, he would open a spatial rift before he can store the items. Now, after the Space has gone through its upgrades, as long as the item was within a kilometer from Zhao Hai, he can immediately get them. Even if it was underground, it didn’t matter, it can still be absorbed into the Space.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai immediately moved, it took him five days before he swept the island clean of weeds. Every weed and shrub was received into the Space.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was very surprised when he was taking the weeds. When he gets them, he also made sure to get the soil a meter around them as well. He was afraid that he might damage the roots of those weeds.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai didn’t expect that the roots of these weeds could actually reach more than 2 meters into the ground, some of them were even rooted into the bedrock.</p>

  <p>After Zhao Hai took every plant in Golden Island, the Space gave a prompt, “Massive amounts of wood energy received. Space’s level has reached 49. Plants can be improved, making them interdependent. The Wood energy has been added to the Metal energy, upgrading the host’s body. Host has now acquired Plant Manipulation.”</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai &#160;heard this announcement, his mind went blank. At its current state, it was really very hard for the Space to level up. With the amount that he took in, he only managed to upgrade the Space by one level.</p>

  <p>But Zhao Hai having Plant Manipulation was a very extraordinary matter. He can already control metal, now he can control plants as well.</p>

  <p>He also knew that with all of his efforts, he can only control 100 jin of metal at most. With this, he also knew that he would need to practice Plant manipulation in order to be good in it.</p>

  <p>But all in all, Zhao Hai was very happy. At this point, the only thing that bothered Zhao Hai was the fact that there was no longer any vegetation present on the island, it was now a barren island.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai clearly knew that it would be troublesome if there weren’t any vegetation on the island. When a storm comes, landslides and mudslides could become common. When that happens, the island wouldn’t be suitable for humans anymore.</p>

  <p>While Zhao Hai was bothered, he suddenly heard fluttering of wings. Zhao Hai was surprised, did the Space release a flying Magic Beast on its own? At this time, the sound of the wings vanished, then while Zhao Hai was confused, a voice came, “Young Master, I levelled up!”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, then when he followed the sound, he saw Cai’er. Cai’er wasn’t finger sized any more, she was now almost as tall as his arm, but her outfit wasn’t changed. However, it wasn’t undeniable that Cai’er had indeed leveled up.</p>

  <p>Cai’er flew towards Zhao Hai’s side before she said, “Young Master, this is fantastic! With my level up, even a dozen 9th ranks wouldn’t be able to damage me. I can also make more branches. I can control the plants in the Space as well as improving them. I can even fuse two seeds together in order to make a new seed.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was surprised, he s looked at Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, are saying the truth? Did you really level up?” Cai’er nodded and said, “Young Master, I really leveled up.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh happily and said, “Fantastic! Cai’er, that’s fantastic. Right, I have a problem, you can see that all of Golden Island’s vegetation has been uprooted by me. I want to plant new ones here, what do you think I should plant?”</p>

  <p>Cai’er looked at Golden Island and made some calculations before she turned to Zhao Hai and said,” Young Master, there is a plant that is very suitable for Golden Island. It’s a plant in the Space’s shop called Plate Silk Grass. According to the Space, it is a recreational plant. If it is planted in an incompatible land, then it would take a few years before it fully grows. Since it’s very compatible to Golden Island, it would grow on its own when planted. It also has some medicinal effects according to the Space. After improving its seeds, it would become more suitable for the island. Young Master can plant some seeds and spread them all over the island. If you sprinkle them with the Space’s water, they would be able to grow quickly. And when they reach their full growth, Young Master can then leave them alone. Every year, young master can also harvest some plate silk grass three times. Plate Silk Grass can be made into medicine. It can also be woven, items made from woven Plate Silk Grass can bring benefits to both Mage and Warrior cultivation. The effect can continue for two years.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, then he looked at the shop. Not only did this plant exist, it actually appeared in the Journey to the west. This thing was truly a recreational plant. In the past, Zhao Hai didn’t see this plant in the store, it seems like after the Space leveled up, it suddenly appeared.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at its price, 1000 gold coins for single bag &#160;that can cover a hundred mu of land. But Golden Island’s area seemed to be about a hundred thousand mu. If Zhao Hai wishes to plant Plate Silk Grass all over the island, he would need to fork out 1 million gold coins.</p>

  <p>Without hesitation, Zhao Hai immediately bought more than 1 million gold’s worth of Plate Silk Grass seeds before he spread it around the island and watered it with Spatial Water. There wasn’t a limit on Spatial Water now, so Zhao Hai can feel relieved in using it this way.</p>

  <p>After being watered with Spatial Water, the Plate Silk Grass immediately started to grow. Zhao Hai didn’t think that it would only take ten hours before the whole island would be covered by Plate Silk Grass.</p>
</body>
</html>