<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 327: Escalating Conflict</h3>

  <p>Fernand looked coldly at Zhao Hai, “I’m is still a Viscount, so are you saying that a Viscount can’t scold a servant?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled, “Of course a viscount can discipline a servant, but to scold my servant? You are a bit unqualified. And since you hit my servant, then it wouldn’t be excessive for me to hit yours too, right?” Then he waved his hand and sent a Wind Blade towards Fernand’s servant who was standing behind.</p>

  <p>Fernand didn’t think that Zhao Hai would actually deal a heavy hand. The servant’s reaction wasn’t slow. When he saw Zhao Hai attack, he immediately circulated his Battle Qi throughout his body.</p>

  <p>However, Fernand’s servant was just a 5th rank warrior, so his Battle Qi’s defensive properties were very limited. Additionally, the Wind Blade that Zhao Hai sent had a force equivalent to 7th rank. Therefore, although the servant’s was quick in circulating his Battle Qi, he couldn’t block Zhao Hai’s wind blade. Along with a pitiful yell, the servant’s arm fell to the ground.</p>

  <p>Fernand saw his servant’s pitiful condition and his face couldn’t help but whiten, he said, “Good, such boldness, daring to act unruly inside Iksa Domain. You must be tired of living.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled coldly, “For me to be tired of living isn’t for you to say. Blockhead, let’s go.” Blockhead nodded, then followed Zhao Hai to leave Ruyen’s room.</p>

  <p>Ruyen was frightened, she didn’t think that Zhao was that ruthless and would chop a servant’s arm off. Moreover, at this point, Zhao Hai had developed a hatred for Fernand, she expected this matter to not end well.</p>

  <p>Ruyen also didn’t expect Fernand to be that crude and taunt Zhao Hai further even after seeing the latter’s ability.</p>

  <p>Fernand’s face was pale, he didn’t expect Zhao Hai to not give him any face. This made him very embarrassed. Even since he was born, there was nobody inside Iksa domain who dared to neglect his face.</p>

  <p>Even though he couldn’t bear it, he didn’t bring enough guards. Even if he went to find Zhao Hai, he wouldn’t be able to deal with him, he already lost too much face. Fernand can only snort, then he lifted his foot and walked out. The servant followed Fernand, he suppressed the pain in his arm by sealing the wound with his battle qi, stopping the blood from flowing out.</p>

  <p>Ruyen didn’t think that things would reach this point. Looking at the severed arm on the ground, Ruyen couldn’t help but sense fear. She suddenly thought of that time back in the Purcell Duchy when he threatened Zhao Hai and was almost killed by his follower. She knew that Zhao Hai didn’t care about status, he wasn’t afraid back in Purcell Duchy, so why should he be afraid in Iksa Domain?’</p>

  <p>Thinking of this, Ruyen felt regret. The matter had gone out of control. It may even lead to Zhao Hai and Iksa Domain having a full-blown conflict.</p>

  <p>Although she wanted to teach Zhao Hai a lesson, she didn’t want him dead. The current situation between Zhao Hai and Fernand wasn’t the thing that was on her mind.</p>

  <p>While Ruyen was secretly regretting, Shun appeared outside Ruyen’s door, he said, “Your Highness Ruyen, Sir Viscount has invited you to discuss about something.”</p>

  <p>Ruyen froze, then she quickly nodded and replied, “Alright, I’ll go.” Then she stood up and followed Shun towards Zhao Hai’s room.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was sitting in the living room while waiting for Ruyen. As soon as he saw her, he nodded and said, “Young lady, please take a seat.”</p>

  <p>Ruyen looked at Zhao Hai, then she said, “Mister, you’re being too reckless this time. We are in the Iksa Family Domain, being in conflict with Fernand isn’t a good idea. Although Fernand isn’t that favored in the Iksa Family, they still wouldn’t let you off if you continue to be in a fight with him.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai only calmy looked at Ruyen, “Princess Ruyen, I just wanted to know why Fernand hit Blockhead? Is it really because he didn’t give an appropriate greeting?”</p>

  <p>Ruyen’s heart was beating fast when she heard Zhao Hai, she clearly knew the true reason why but she just can’t say it. She lowered her gaze and said, “What does mister mean? Is mister suspicious of me? You can call your servant over and have him testify to what happened.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Ruyen then calmly replied, “If young lady Ruyen says so, then naturally it is so. But the young lady also saw that I’ve been embroiled in a great trouble. Thus, young lady will not be safe travelling with me anymore. It would be better for our two groups to separate. I will send word to the Grand Duke later. Shun, please lead the young lady out.” Then Zhao Hai closed his eyes and ignored Ruyen.</p>

  <p>Ruyen froze for a moment, she didn’t think that Zhao Hai would use this method to get rid of her. She quickly argued, “You can’t do that. My father asked you to take care of me. How dare you leave me! Do you think my father wouldn’t dare confiscate your title?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai opened one eye and looked at Ruyen, “I don’t care, if he takes it back, then take it back. I didn’t ask your father for the title anyway, he was the one who willingly gave it to me. If he wants to confiscate it then him confiscate it.” Then he started ignoring Ruyen again.</p>

  <p>Before Ruyen said anything, Shun went to her and gestured his hand, “Princess, please.” Ruyen glared, then she snorted and turned away.</p>

  <p>Looking at Ruyen going out, Laura couldn’t stop herself from asking, “Brother Hai, do you really want to drive her out and let her go on her own?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai opened his eyes and looked at Laura, “Take care of her? How would I do that? Staying with her would only give us more trouble. I don’t want to spend entire days managing her life, she’s a walking disaster.”</p>

  <p>Laura didn’t have anything to say, Ruyen was really like what Zhao Hai said, a catastrophe. It was clear that Fernand was looking for trouble. But he wouldn’t be looking for trouble for no reason. It was very certain that the cause was Ruyen, anyone but a fool could notice it.</p>

  <p>Meg was worried, “Young Master, can Bell really talk with the Iksa Family? If he couldn’t, then what do we do? Do we really have to fight it out with them?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai can only smile faintly, “I think Bell should be able to talk to them. He had been in Sarte City for many years. His business is also big, and it wouldn’t reach its heights if he had no backing from the Iksa Family. If he really can’t solve our problem, then it’s better to fight it out with the Iksa Family. We’re not afraid of them anyway, if we really put our resources into it, how could they stop us?”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and said, “Maybe we can also use this matter to make contact with the Iksa Family. This would make it better for us later.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled, “That would be good. Let’s wait first and see how Bell handles it.” As he said that, the sound of hooves could be heard outside. Zhao Hai waved his hand and the monitor appeared in front of him. The screen showed a group of cavalrymen heading towards them and surrounding the hotel.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “He’s really a spoiled young master. He even brought an army, it seems that I’m still far behind compared to the real one.” Laura and the others laughed, they weren’t frightened whatsoever.</p>

  <p>What’s surprising was that the hotel’s response was beyond Zhao Hai’s expectations. The hotel Zhao Hai and the others were staying in was the Shelley Hotel. All medium and large cities in the continent had branches of Shelley Hotels in them. Since their service quality was top-notch, Zhao Hai decided to stay here as soon as he arrived at Sarte. What Zhao Hai knew for sure was that this hotel didn’t have any relation to Bell nor the Iksa Family.</p>

  <p>Ordinary hotels, when they become surrounded by cavalry, would naturally be cowering in fear. Shelley Hotel, on the other hand, did the opposite, which Zhao Hai didn’t expect. They didn’t come up and capture the person responsible, but instead just opened their doors like normal, the attendants acted as though they didn’t see the cavalry outside. Only the person in charge of the whole hotel came and acknowledged the presence of the cavalry.</p>

  <p>There was a carriage containing Fernand next to the cavalry. The long and slender manager with an astute face came forward. Zhao Hai had seen him before, he was always smiling when he spoke, but now he wore a calm face as he approached Fernand’s carriage, “This one has seen the Eldest Young Master, what did young master come here to do?</p>

  <p>Fernand looked at the manager and angrily said, “Illin, you are wasting your breath, no need for more words. I’m here for Wales. It’s best if you get out of the way. Otherwise, you can’t blame me for my next action.”</p>

  <p>Illin just looked at Fernand calmly. Fernand had the feeling that he was stared at by a serpent. This made him very uncomfortable.</p>

  <p>Illin looked at Fernand and said calmly, “Eldest Young Master, since the day we started opening our business, we made sure to never chase our guests away. I don’t know what the young master’s grievance with Mister Wales is, but as long as Mister Wales stays within the premises of the hotel, he will be our guest. We’re not the kind of hotel that couldn’t guarantee a guest’s safety. I suggest the young master to go back, if the young master wishes to cause trouble for Mister Wales, then he’d have to wait until Mister Wales leaves the hotel. When that time happens, no matter what young master plans to do, our Shelley hotel certainly wouldn’t interfere, but that time isn’t now.”</p>

  <p>When these words were heard by Zhao Hai, he couldn’t help but applaud. He didn’t think that inside the Iksa Domain, the hotel would actually dare to publicly cross horns with Fernand.</p>
</body>
</html>