<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 684: Gan Clan and Barn</h3>

  <p>The reason why Zhao Hai dared to say these words to these people was because he has his own plans. He was not afraid that these people would reveal his secrets. He would make them into 9th ranks and then bring them to the Demonic Abyss in order to fight against the magic beasts as well as the undead. He wanted to do it in this way because he wanted to see the reactions that came with these people.</p>

  <p>If they were sincere with him, then the advantages that they would gain wouldn’t be small. However, if they were insincere, then Zhao Hai would have no choice but to be impolite.</p>

  <p>But Zhao Hai was just being too overly careful this time. Being a slave to the Buda Clan wasn’t a shame. In fact, having a God-ranked expert as well as an Emperor as a master was something that not a lot of people could have.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai withdrew a bottle of water, naturally, this water was Spatial water. This water can help the Gan Family members become 8th ranks. When they arrive at that rank, then they would consume God’s blood in order to become 9th ranks.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gave the bottle over to Tywin and said, “This is a potion that can elevate your level. However, this is only effective up until you become 8th rank. When all of you become 8th rank, you come back to me.”</p>

  <p>Tywin was shaking while he received the bottle of Spatial Water. For their family, this bottle was extremely precious. There were potions in the continent that would elevate the levels of Mages and Warriors, however, those potions were very expensive!</p>

  <p>Even Great Nobles were reluctant to spend that money. In the minds of the Great Nobles, instead of spending a huge amount of money to buy that potion, they might as well spend that in training someone with high talent. It was because of this that potions that can upgrade levels became very rare in the continent.</p>

  <p>After handing the potion over, Zhao Hai turned around and returned to the living room. He wanted to see how long these people would take in order to rank up.</p>

  <p>One must know that this potion was much better than the one before. Zhao Hai believed that upgrading ranks this time would be much faster than back then with Laura and the others. At the same time, Zhao Hai also noticed that the low-ranked Dark Mages of the Gan Family weren’t in their current rank because of their lack of talent, but because of their young age instead. In fact, if one were to compare the Gan Family’s talent with the rest of the continent, then they can be deemed to be quite gifted. One must know that aside from the difficulty of reaching 9th rank, being an 8th rank was quite hard as well, there were even some small clans that didn’t have these 8th ranks. But the Gan Family, while being in Demon City, actually managed to produce two 8th ranks. This was sufficient evidence for their lineage.</p>

  <p>There was not much control in Demon City, but in the same way, this made them isolated towards the supplies of the continent. If one were to see the Buddha Empire’s capital as a metropolis of magic, then Demon City would be that small village in the outskirts of the Empire, a small village that was regularly attacked by wild beasts.</p>

  <p>When he saw Tywin and the others discussing about the potion and then cultivating, Zhao Hai came out of the living room, he wanted to see Barn. At this point, all of the Gan Family’s servants have left. Originally, Tywin wanted to keep some people here but Zhao Hai didn’t agree. This way, he didn’t have to worry about these people and even made it easier for him to walk around. More importantly, there wouldn’t be a lot of people who would come and give him greetings.</p>

  <p>Barn was currently sitting outside his horse carriage, patiently waiting for Zhao Hai. Seeing Barn’s attitude, Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Barn, come here.”</p>

  <p>Barn was sitting in his carriage while in a daze. He knew that there was only a small chance for this home of his to remain. This was the reason why he was in a daze, he has never left Demon City in his entire life. If he left this place, he wouldn’t know how to live, therefore, he chose to stay behind.</p>

  <p>When Barn heard Zhao Hai, he immediately recovered. He looked at Zhao Hai who called him from the Gan Family’s gate. He stared for a moment before he quickly jumped down from the carriage and went towards Zhao Hai. Then he gave a bow and said, “Mister, do you need me for anything?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Barn and said, “Barn, come with me, I have something to tell you.” Barn nodded, then followed Zhao Hai into the Gan Family’s residence.</p>

  <p>After entering the Gan Family’s residence, Barn felt that it was empty. He had visited the Gan Family once or twice before, and he recognized almost all of the people in the Gan Family. However, he wasn’t able to see any of them when he entered this time. It was as if the entire Gan Family had vanished.</p>

  <p>But Barn didn’t dare to ask as he followed Zhao Hai into the Gan Family’s living room. Then Zhao Hai sat down as Barn respectfully stood there. Zhao Hai saw Barn’s anxious face and couldn’t help but smile, “Barn, there’s no need to be nervous. I want to ask, are you willing to leave Demon City?”</p>

  <p>Barn stared for a moment, he didn’t expect Zhao Hai to ask him about this issue. He couldn’t think of a good answer. He can just refuse and use the same reason that he gave the General, wanting to protect Demon City. However, he would be lying if he said so. At the same time, Barn had the feeling that he had been seen through by Zhao Hai. Therefore, he really can’t say that he wanted to stay in Demon City, willing to &#160;fall along with the City’s demise.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Barn’s expression and smiled faintly, “Can’t think of a good reply? You don’t want to leave Demon City? After all, this is your home right? But as you can see, this place was also the home of the Gan Family, but now all of them had left save for the family’s Dark Mages. All of them had been sent away by me. Barn, if you want to leave, then I can send you to my Buda Clan’s territory, making you live a whole new life there. Also, I forgot to tell you, I am not talking about Golden Island, it is a different place. Are you willing to go?”</p>

  <p>Barn stared, he really hadn’t thought this point through, he looked puzzled at Zhao Hai as he asked, “Why would Mister want to help me?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “No special reason, I can just see a certain person’s shadow on you. Barn, I know what you’re thinking. You have never left Demon City since you were a child, so you don’t know how you’ll live once you go outside. This made you afraid, so you decided to stay in the city. I can arrange for you to live in my Buda Clan’s territory, I can even have someone offer you a job or you can continue driving your carriage. You don’t have to worry about your life changing so much. You will be able to meet new people and also make new friends. So, do you want to go?”</p>

  <p>Barn looked at Zhao Hai, then suddenly he made a serious question, “Mister, if I went there, can I continue to drive your carriage?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare at this question, he didn’t think that Barn would ask this, Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “If you want to drive my carriage for me, then that’s no problem. However, you have not cultivated yet, this wouldn’t be good. After you go there, then I will make them teach you cultivation. After you have reached a high enough level, then you can drive my carriage.”</p>

  <p>Barn knitted his brows and said, “This, Mister, I hadn’t cultivated before. And I’m not very young anymore. Wouldn’t it be too late for me to start cultivation?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai actually laughed and said, “There’s never too late Barn. Rest assured, whether you learn magic or battle qi, as long as you are willing to practice, then I can make you into an expert in a short period of time. What now? You want to go?”</p>

  <p>As soon as Barn heard Zhao Hai, his two eyes lit up as he answered, “Mister, is that true? Then I’m willing! &#160;I want to go!”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai laughed and said, “Alright. Barn, to be honest, you are completely unable to provide help here even if you choose to stay behind. I shall be sending you to the Black Wasteland, people will be there to arrange you to your place. Right, do you want to go along with your carriage?”</p>

  <p>Barn’s face expressed his excitement as he said, “You can do that mister? That’s fantastic! Thank you very much!”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Starting today, just call me Young Master. Now go and drive your carriage towards the back door.” Barn nodded and then ran outside to get his carriage. Zhao Hai told Cai’er about Barn’s situation and then had Green and the others arrange a place for Barn to live in. Before long, Barn arrived then Zhao Hai used the Space to send Barn and his carriage towards the Black Wasteland.</p>

  <p>After completing all of these, Zhao Hai looked at the Gan Family’s situation. Majority of them had already reached 8th rank, the other two were on the cusp of breaking through. But, Tywin was very faithful to Zhao Hai’s order, he waited until all of them became 8th ranks before going to see Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>It was already noon when all of the family’s Mages reached 8th rank. After that, they all went to the living room. Zhao Hai looked at the group and nodded. He took out a red vial of liquid and said, “This potion shall boost you from 8th rank to 9th rank. In a while, some people would come and invite me over for a meal in the General’s residence. When I come back, all of you should have already reached 9th rank. After that, we’ll depart towards the Demonic Abyss.”</p>

  <p>All of the Mages nodded, then at this time, a voice was suddenly heard from outside, “Is Mister Zhao Hai in? General Besmir is inviting Mister Zhao Hai over for a meal.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned his head to the Mages and said, “All of you work hard.” The Gan Family nodded, then Tywin went and escorted Zhao Hai to the gate.</p>

  <p>Waiting outside the gate was a team of cavalry. When they saw Zhao Hao come out, their captain immediately gave a bow and said, “The General is inviting Mister Zhao Hai over to dine.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “Alright, let’s go. Barn has become my servant and has already left. Later on, you don’t need to arrange a carriage for me, I can walk by myself.” Then with an intention, Zhao Hai summoned Alien. He sat inside Alien’s body before heading towards the General’s residence.</p>

  <p>Seeing Zhao Hai leave, Tywin turned to the others and said, “Did you hear the Young Master? Immediately go and cultivate. If Young Master comes back and someone is still not 9th rank, then I will be giving out punishments.”</p>
</body>
</html>