<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 823: Three Continuous Rounds</h3>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King woke up. He never felt this great after sleeping. His sleep was too serene.</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King wasn’t sleeping in a luxurious room. Instead, he was lying outdoors, on the ground, with only the grass as his bed.</p>

  <p>If ordinary humans slept on the grass overnight, then they would’ve fallen sick by the time they woke up. This would never happen to the Demons. Not to say a meadow, even if they fell asleep on a huge slab of rock, they still wouldn’t get sick. Their bodies were just too formidable, it wasn’t any less compared to magic beasts.</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King didn’t open his eyes immediately. He just quietly laid there and smelt the fresh fragrance of grass, relaxing his mind from the inside out.</p>

  <p>After some time, the Demon Dragon King opened his eyes and looked all around him. He discovered that there were Demons who were still taking walks in all directions. Their faces all wearing warm smiles.</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King stood up gave an order,”Devil Legion, assemble!” As his voice fell, the resting soldiers of the Devil Legion immediately stood up and quickly assembled themselves into a formation.</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King didn’t have any reaction. If the Devil Legion didn’t have this simple ability, then they wouldn’t have been the Demon Realm’s most powerful group. The Demon Dragon King went to the front of the Legion and said, “Today we shall be fighting the Divine Race. Javelins will be provided to each one of you. I believe you already knew about the javelins, so be careful when carrying it. Now, go line up!” The Devil Legion immediately readjusted their formation as they took two batches of three javelins each.</p>

  <p>After receiving their weapons, the Demon Dragon King gave another order, “Bring your weapons and go eat. Come back after having your meal.” The Devil Legion gave a shout.</p>

  <p>The Devil Legion also had its own logistics division. Their meals were the best in the Demon Army. At the very least, they would have magic beast soup to consume.</p>

  <p>At this time, Zhao Hai appeared right beside the Demon Dragon King. Upon seeing Zhao Hai, the Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but stare as he gave &#160;salute to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, were we late?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and shook his head, “Late? No, no. Right, what are they eating?.” Then he pointed at the food that the Devil Legion were eating.</p>

  <p>The Devil Legion had meat soup. However, meat wasn’t the main course. Their staple was a type of green grass, something like a vegetable stuffed dumpling.</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King also looked at the Devil Legion and &#160;nodded, “This is the food most Vile Demons eat. It’s from the Demon Realm’s saint tree.”</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai heard this, he immediately understood. He didn’t think that the Demon Dragon King’s people would actually eat Cai’er’s leaves.</p>

  <p>Cai’er’s leaves were indeed edible. Zhao Hai and the others even tried to eat one. However, the taste wasn’t good at all, moreover, it was rough to the throat. Zhao Hai didn’t expect the Demon Army’s most elite troops to eat this kind of food.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head as he pointed to a distant mountain and said, “There is a bread tree forest over on that mountain. You can eat those. As long as you get the fruits and open them, the pulp could be directly consumed.”</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King stared, then he immediately had people go and fetch bread fruits over on the mountain. They also saw this fruit yesterday, however, they didn’t know what it was. In the Demon Realm, if you saw a delicious looking fruit, then it was almost always lethal to ingest. There were even fruits too poisonous that it can kill even a God-rank expert. Because of this, the Demons didn’t touch the bread fruits out of habit.</p>

  <p>Before long, Demons carrying bread fruits came back. Zhao Hai took one bread fruit and opened it. Just as the fruit was opened, the pulp immediately expanded. Zhao Hai tore a piece of the pulp and placed it on his mouth. Then he nodded and said, “It’s good. However, this one isn’t ripe yet. Make sure to get the ones that are turning yellow. Not only are they bigger, they are also the most delicious.”</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King also took one bread fruit and like Zhao Hai, cracked it open before eating a piece of the pulp. As soon as the pulp reached his mouth, a sweet fragrance immediately filled his cavity. After eating a few more pieces of pulp, he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, are you saying that all those fruits are for us?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Yes. Currently speaking, those are the our highest output trees. They can help you pass your initial migration. Later on, I’ll give you some seeds so that you can plant your own crops like bamboo rice, corn, and so on. I believe you’ll come to like them.”</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King looked gratefully at Zhao Hai. After some time, he bowed his body, intending to kneel. However, Zhao Hai stopped him in time and said, “No need to be overly polite. Since you’ll be living here from now on, then that means we’re now on the same side. You’re my family, so no need to be formal.”</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King still gave a small bow before turning to the other Demons and said, “Everyone, go and eat these fruits. However, the Devil Legion would have to continue eating their meals. There’s no time left to gather fruits for you.”</p>

  <p>After having eaten their meals, the Demon Dragon King gathered the Devil Legion. Zhao Hai looked at the Devil Legion in front of him and couldn’t help but feel the pressure.</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King went towards Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, they are the most powerful Demons in the army. Each one of them had gone through hundreds of battles and mountains of corpses. They are very powerful. I’ll be leading them to help you in dealing with the Divine Race. But there is one thing about them I need to tell you. They are a murderous group, only suitable for life of battles. They can’t do anything else, and if they don’t fight then they would go crazy. They might get dangerous enough to kill each other.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, he immediately understood that these people were completely swallowed by the spirit of murder. However, this was also good. Having these people meant that they were completely unafraid to fight, it meant that Zhao Hai essentially had one undead and one undead-like army in his hand.</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King became anxious after seeing Zhao Hai stay silent for a while. At this time, Zhao Hai suddenly asked, “Can they ride a horse?”</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King gawked, then he nodded and said, “They can ride horses. Why did mister ask?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai replied, “I want to turn them into a cavalry unit. Moreover, their equipment needed to be changed.” Then Zhao Hai waved his hand, making a bunch of equipment appear.</p>

  <p>These equipment were divided into several piles. There was a pile for armor, a pile of spears, and a pile of swords. Zhao Hai didn’t bring out some shields, they were too heavy and will affect speed.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai turned to the Demon Dragon King and said, “Have them try it.” The Demon Dragon King nodded as he commanded the Devil Legion to change their equipment.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was afraid that these people would be unfamiliar with the new equipment. But soon, Zhao Hai realized his mistake. These people were born to fight, so any weapon and armor was completely suited for them. Moreover, Zhao Hai discovered that they arranged their weapons in a way for them to easily pull it out. It’s quite clear that they weren’t unfamiliar with these weapons.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai relaxed, then he released a large number of ferghana horses. At this point, everyone was already equipped. They were holding spears on their hands as they rode the saddle. There were two pockets of three javelins, one strapped to each side. Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll leave them to you, Demon Dragon. Just follow me, there’s no need to charge immediately.” The Demon Dragon King nodded and then went to his carriage.</p>

  <p>.Zhao Hai looked at the group and smiled. Then without saying anything, he waved his hand and opened a rift in the Space. Then Zhao Hai led the ten million strong Demon Army out.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and the others appeared not far from the Divine Race’s rear. They were going to start going all out against the Divine Race.</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King was standing beside Zhao Hai, looking at the Divine Race’s location from time to time. At this time, Zhao Hai was also standing beside the Demon Dragon King. This was the Demon Dragon King’s intention. Since Zhao Hai wouldn’t look good if he was just flying on air, he invited him over to stand in the carriage.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t reject the invitation as he stood on the black dragon carriage. They could see the Divine Race fighting in the distance. These Divine Race soldiers looked like they were in a trance. The only thing in their eyes was the Accra Mountain’s defensive line. They didn’t even notice the ten million Demons appearing behind them.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the Divine Race army as he turned to the Devil Legion behind him and said, “Demon Brothers. Before you are the Divine Race. All of them look at themselves as sacred while seeing all others as beneath them. But under their sacred facade is a ruthless and cold blooded nature. Their cruelty is incomparable to any other. They used a hundred million people for their blood sacrifice and broke the barrier of the Ark continent, changing the laws of the heavens and the earth. In turn, this caused the Underworld to appear on the Ark continent. Most importantly, they are running dogs for that immortal cultivator. Although they knew about him, they were still willing to devote their lives to that person. They are a race bent on conquest, offering everything for that immortal cultivator!”</p>

  <p>Although Zhao Hai’s voice wasn’t that loud, all ten million Demons in the Devil Legion all heard him. And even if they didn’t make any sound, their reaction was obvious by the appearance of killing intent in their gazes.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at them and then continued, “You are the Demon Race’s most elite soldiers. Today, it’s time for you to show your strength. Let the Divine Race know that they aren’t the most powerful. Let them know of the Demon Race’s strength. Follow me. Kill everyone!!!!”</p>

  <p>After speaking this, a blood red spear appeared on Zhao Hai’s hand. This spear wasn’t a transformed blood ghost staff. Instead, it was actually the Beast God’s Spear.</p>

  <p>Ever since the Beastmen entered the Space, they had given Zhao Hai their Beast God’s Spear. This was also true for the Elven Bow and the Iron Hammer. These three artifacts already submitted to Zhao Hai. In addition to these three, there was also the three artifacts from the Radiant Church. However, since he can’t use everything, Zhao Hai just took the spear and handed everything else to Laura.</p>

  <p>As Zhao Hai’s voice fell, the Devil Legion chanted in one voice, “Kill! Kill!” Not only the Devil Legion, even the Demon Dragon King was feeling his insides turning hot.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai turned around and then pointed his spear towards the Divine Race and shouted, “Kill them!!” Then the black dragon carriage started to move, directly approaching the Divine Race’s rear.</p>

  <p>Among the Divine Race army, some of them who were resting had started to notice Zhao Hai. They hurriedly set up their formations and prepared to block Zhao Hai’s advance. At the same time, the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus were ordered to attack the left and right sides of the Demon Army while the Divine Race kept the Accra Mountains’ defensive line busy.</p>

  <p>One couldn’t deny the quality of the Divine Race army. Achieving this shift in formation was not easy. However, they were unfortunate to have traitors among their numbers.</p>

  <p>The Divine Race wanted the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus to keep the Demons at bay while Thunder Yun attacked the defensive line. However, the Divine Race never expected the Barbarians and Winged Pegasus to go away after seeing Zhao Hai’s attack. They didn’t even take the effort to confront the enemy.</p>

  <p>This huge betrayal caused the Divine Race army to almost spit out blood. But what they needed to do right now was to block Zhao Hai’s attack. If they cannot block Zhao Hai’s attack on the rear, then the Divine Race army would collapse. Even if the Deity came, their situation would still be unsalvageable.</p>

  <p>However, the Divine Race seemed to forget that Zhao Hai still had blood lightning javelins. After nearly entering firing distance, Zhao Hai loudly said, “Prepare the javelins!” Along with his order, the Demons immediately took two javelins, one for each hand.</p>

  <p>When they arrived at their firing distance, Zhao Hai immediately ordered, “Send three continuous rounds their way!” Then after that, the Demons immediately threw two javelins on each of their hands, then they took another two out and then threw it, then another two……”</p>
</body>
</html>