<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 585: Invited by His Majesty</h3>

  <p>Green nodded and said, “Alright, Iron Mountain Fort and Golden Island needs to be taken care of. Otherwise, things would go chaotic. I think we need to do it in batches. We’ll have Rockead and Blockhead go first. Then when they’re done, we can have them replace Brother Kun. Then after Brother Kun, Blockhead and Rockhead can go to Iron Mountain Fort in order to replace me and Merine. Shun and Shue can cultivate immediately.”</p>

  <p>Nobody disagreed with Green’s proposal. In any case, the Space had now levelled up, it doesn’t matter to them if they delay being 9th rank for a couple of days.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, we’ll do it just as what Grandpa Green said. Also, after you go back to Iron Mountain Fort, do find some loyal slaves, and then teach them cultivation. Now that the Spatial Water can increase practice speed, we won’t need to worry about making experts. Select some people from the Giant-horned bulls as well. If we have members from their tribe get strong, then it’ll be good for us.”</p>

  <p>The way Beastmen and Humans cultivate is very different. For Beastmen to cultivate successfully, they would need a strong soul beast to be their partner. And with the Space’s recent upgrade, a lot of magic beasts had now become high-grade. So if the Giant-horned Bulls used Space-grown bulls, they would certainly rank up easily.</p>

  <p>Green nodded and said, “Alright. Actually, there were already people who had entered my eyes. I’ve known slaves, about 100 of them, that would fit your description. They’ve now become commoners, and are very loyal to our clan. I’ll have them be the first batch to be cultivated.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “Good, then I’ll leave this matter to Grandpa’s judgement. Right, everyone, let’s take a look at some of the backgrounds in the Space. The sceneries are quite good.”</p>

  <p>Green and the other complied, then Zhao Hai took them to the newly obtained backgrounds. The views on those places were indeed very good.</p>

  <p>After having looked at the ten backgrounds, Zhao Hai and the others returned to the villa. Then Zhao Hai took out some water from the Blood Pond for Laura and the others to drink. Green, Merine, and Kun, on the other hand, left the Space.</p>

  <p>Laura and the others were quite nervous. The effects of the Blood Pond water wasn’t like Zhao Hai’s Space, promoting him instantly to 9th rank. After drinking the water, they still need to cultivate in order to rank up.</p>

  <p>When Laura and the others drank the Blood Pond water, the immediately felt the intensity of the energy that was present inside. They felt their entire bodies heat up as their Battle Qi became agitated. For them, it felt like their bodies had been broken down.</p>

  <p>They felt that their skin was about to be blown away. It seems like their bodies cannot handle the enormous energy that was just ingested.</p>

  <p>Laura and the others didn’t dare to let this go on, so they immediately used their own cultivation methods to practice. But since Meg was a Mage, the energy didn’t wander around her body as it immediately went straight to her head. Meg felt an influx of pressure in her mind, making her almost lose her consciousness. However, Meg knew that she couldn’t faint at this time, therefore she endured.</p>

  <p>Meg gave it her all in order to stay sober. At the same time, she also called upon the elemental laws and slowly digested the energy that was present.</p>

  <p>The other people were practically doing the same thing. Seeing that there seems to be no accident, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sigh in relief. He knew that the most dangerous time was the moment the water was ingested.</p>

  <p>Now, although their expressions were still in pain, it had slowly turned into calmness. Seeing them going stable, Zhao Hai smiled and then went out of the Space to return to the Haven.</p>

  <p>The Haven was still cruising along Iron Warhorse River, it still hasn’t entered the sea. Zhao Hai wasn’t worried about this as he just enjoyed the scene on the two banks of the river. This Iron Warhorse River was indeed worthy of being called the most important river of the Buddha Empire. Whether it be a city or a village, all of them had piers connecting to the river. At the same time, ships were constantly flowing through it, the scene was extremely lively.</p>

  <p>While looking at these people, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sigh. Ignorance is really bliss. These average people didn’t need to worry so much. They may get sad, but they can just recover in just a short time. It was impossible for them to have such huge burdens. But this was part of life, Zhao Hai has his advantages and troubles, while the commoners had their own matters as well.</p>

  <p>In the past, back on Earth, Zhao Hai couldn’t understand how people from higher statures in life would get into drug addiction, and some even commited suicide. Zhao Hai couldn’t fathom why those people could end up in such a state. Was the pressure on them really that great?</p>

  <p>But after arriving at the Ark Continent, especially after knowing about the Divine Realm, Zhao Hai came to understand how much pressure and stress people from high status can have.</p>

  <p>This pressure felt like a mountain constantly crashing into your body. Ever since he got the information, Zhao Hai had always felt that his nerves were constantly being stretched out. Zhao Hai was afraid that he might snap one of these days.</p>

  <p>After thinking about this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sigh once again. He looked at the people at both banks and couldn’t help but feel envy. Zhao Hai had always wanted a simple life, but it seems like that life was getting farther and farther away from him.</p>

  <p>At this time, the Haven had reached a region near a big city. However, Zhao Hai didn’t plan to stop, he knew that after this city, it would only take two more days before they can reach the sea. Therefore, Zhao Hai planned to go through the river as fast as possible.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai didn’t expect there to be an iron chain lock in front of him. It seems like its main purpose was to block the Haven from passing.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gawked, he didn’t say anything and just had the undead stop the ship. He went to the ship’s bow and then looked at the blockade.</p>

  <p>On both sides of the iron chain lock were two five masted battleships. The emblems on the two battleships emanated a faint yellow tint and had the image of a heavily armored soldier.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was very familiar with this emblem, this was the Buddha Empire’s Imperial Badge! The people who were blockading the river was actually the Empire’s navy!</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t know what the other party wanted. But he didn’t worry much about it, so he just stayed put and waited for the other party to make the move.</p>

  <p>Just as expected, just as the Haven came to a full stop, a person suddenly appeared on one of the two ships. Behind him were people who were wearing Heavy Armor as well as people with Magic Robes. After appearing on the ship, the man said, “Is this the Buda Clan’s Patriarch Zhao Hai’s ship?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the other ship and replied, “This is Zhao Hai. May I know why you are blocking the river?”</p>

  <p>The man replied and said, “I’ve seen Mister Zhao Hai. I am the Buddha Empire’s Vice Admiral Ironwood. His majesty is inviting Mister Zhao Hai over to the capital. We’ll have to apologize for causing mister any trouble.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, then he knit his brows. He knew that he has to go, otherwise, he wouldn’t be giving the Buddha Empire any face. That action would definitely offend the Empire, so after thinking for a moment, Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll have to ask the Vice Admiral to lead the way. I’ll have my ship follow you afterwards.”</p>

  <p>Ironwood’s voice was heard, “Then we’ll be escorting mister.” After that, they released the chains and slowly hoisted it up. Then the ships turned around and sailed in front of Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai didn’t delay and also followed behind the ships.</p>

  <p>Their current location wasn’t very far from the Buddha Empire’s Imperial Capital, Iron Knight City. As long as they take a branching river not far away from here, then it would only take less than a day before they arrive.</p>

  <p>Constructing Iron Knight City in such a place was due to the Empire’s first King. When he was struggling, he had met his Iron Warhorse Mount in the exact spot where Iron Knight City was built. Wanting to commemorate his meeting with his mount, the old Emperor decided to establish a city in this place, making it the capital of his Empire. He also made a statue of his mount, erected in the middle of the city’s largest square.</p>

  <p>Iron Knight City was placed at the largest branch of Iron Warhorse River. The volume of ships passing through this branch can only be trumped by the main river. There were more than a hundred piers here. With a variety of ships in it, including five-masted ships. There were a lot of people in the place as well, one could say that the city is the busiest hub in the entire Iron Warhorse River.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stood on the Haven as he looked at the city getting closer and closer. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but force a smile, the Buddha Empire truly had given him good face. The Haven was sandwiched between two five-masted ships. Even if he wanted to escape, he wouldn’t have any avenue to do so.</p>

  <p>But Zhao Hai didn’t care much about it. Rosen Empire was the most powerful nation of the continent, and he was the Emperor’s son-in-law while at the same time being the Patriarch of the Buda Clan. He believed that the Buddha Emperor was not planning to do anything bad to him.</p>

  <p>The three ships slowly stopped in front of a pier. The undead prepared the springboard as Zhao Hai disembarked from the ship. On one of the two Buddha Empire ships, five people came down. Three of these people had full body armor, while two of them wore magical robes.</p>

  <p>After the five disembarked, they immediately went to welcome Zhao Hai. The five arrived in front of Zhao Hai as a robust man in the front gave a bow and said, “Ironwood has seen Patriarch Zhao Hai.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at this Ironwood. This fellow easily surpassed two meters, he had a silvery while armor that seems to be made from high purity iron. Zhao Hai felt strange when he remembered that this person was a Vice Admiral. If he wore a full armor, then wouldn’t he have a hard time if he fell to the water?</p>

  <p>But Zhao Hai still gave a smile and returned the salute, “I’ve seen Vice Admiral Ironwood. For this Zhao Hai to have a Vice Admiral escort him to the capital should be a capital offense.”</p>

  <p>Ironwood quickly replied, “We don’t dare. His Majesty gave us explicit order to treat the Patriarch with hospitality. It’s us who have been disrespectful to Patriarch Zhao Hai. Please do accept our apology.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Vice Admiral didn’t do anything wrong, so there’s no need to ask for forgiveness. I’ll also ask f the Admiral for forgiveness in behalf of my wives. They’re quite busy cultivating inside the ship. I’m afraid that they wouldn’t be able to visit His Majesty together with me.”</p>

  <p>Ironwood replied, “The Patriarch doesn’t need to be polite. Since your wives are busy, then we cannot disturb them. The Patriarch can rest assured, I’ll have people standing guard here in order to maintain your ship’s tranquility.:</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gave his gratitude to Ironwood, “I thank the Vice Admiral. I think we should be going, I don’t want to make His Majesty and the others wait for so long.”</p>

  <p>Ironwood smiled faintly and said, “We’re just in time. Follow me, Patriarch.” Then he led Zhao Hai to exit the pier. Naturally this pier was used exclusively by Nobles. This was the reason why this place was hardly populated and was very clean.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai and the others left the pier, they were immediately met by a horse carriage. The carriage was very stylish, it also sported the Imperial Clan’s emblem.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai immediately knew that this carriage wasn’t something that anyone can just ride on. At the very least, the person that can ride this should be a prince.</p>

  <p>Sure enough, Ironwood smiled at Zhao Hai and said, “Patriarch, this is His Majesty’s personal carriage. I didn’t expect his Majesty to send his carriage for mister to ride on. It seems like the matter is quite urgent. Patriarch, I’ll have to ask you to please board the carriage.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai expressed his gratitude before boarding the carriage. Ironwood followed Zha Hai in as well. The inside of the carriage was quite luxurious. Thick beastskin were draped on the chairs, making sitting very soft and comfortable. The temperature inside the carriage was carefully moderated as well. At the same time, one couldn’t feel any shaking inside. It seems like this carriage was very special.</p>

  <p>There were also some things inside this carriage that Zhao Hai had found to be familiar, like the magical stove with a kettle. After Ironwood boarded the carriage, he immediately heated the water for them to drink.</p>

  <p>Seeing Ironwood’s thick hands handling the drinks very delicately made Zhao Hai feel funny. In fact, Ironwood’s movements were very quick. Before long, the tea was already prepared.</p>

  <p>The flavor of this tea was mellow compared to the ones that Zhao Hai had drunk before. Ironwood handed Zhao Hai a cup of it and then said, “To thank mister for coming, let me offer you this cup of golden tea. This is a high-quality good rarely purchased in the continent.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “It’s also the first time that I had drank this type of tea. It’s flavor is also very good. Right, Vice Admiral, if I may inquire, what was the reason for His Majesty deciding to summon me?”</p>

  <p>Ironwood smiled and said, “In all honesty, I also don’t know. But from His Majesty’s expression, he looks like he was happy. Mister’s reputation had already spread throughout the continent. And since you came to the Buddha Empire, how couldn His Majesty miss this opportunity to meet you?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “That’s an unwarranted reputation. If we consider everything, it’s my fault for not sending prior word to his Majesty when I decided to visit the Empire.”</p>

  <p>Ironwood smiled and said, “The Buda Clan is a Great Clan of the Continent. For Patriarch Zhao Hai to visit the empire himself, how could it be disrespectful? After all, there are also a lot of businesses that the Empire can cooperate with Mister.”</p>
</body>
</html>