<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1143: Returning to Dark Demon Planet</h3>

  <p>Among the people the skeleton pointed to was the Mage who was the most vocal towards the other side. Seeing this situation, Tie Sheng and the others couldn’t help but stare.</p>

  <p>Immediately after that, Leo angrily cursed, “Good, good. You snakes. If it weren’t for Zhao Hai, then we would’ve been caught. Now die!” Then he waved his hand, sending a sword qi towards the Mage that was pointed out.</p>

  <p>Tie Sheng and the others didn’t stop him. They also wanted to kill these people off. It was obvious that these people wanted to use the confusion to attract the Zhang Family. But it has to be said, this method was really effective and it almost succeeded.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai waved his hand, placing those pointed out by the skeleton on one side. As for the innocent, he let them go.</p>

  <p>After completing this action, Zhao Hai turned to Tie Sheng and the others and said, “Brother Tie Sheng. How about we turn these people into Undead? Then we’ll let them identify their other allies inside the other camps.”</p>

  <p>Tie Sheng looked at the other commanders and said, “What do you think? If you agree, then we’ll let Little Hai continue. The earlier we get rid of the snakes, the safer we will be.”</p>

  <p>When he heard this, Charles’s expression sank, then he said, “I agree. If we don’t deal with this matter, then we’ll continue being in danger.” The other commanders agreed as well. Zhao Hai nodded and immediately released his dark mist to surround the identified spies.&#160;</p>

  <p>But all of a sudden, Zhao Hai waved his hand and released a whip to bind someone from the crowd.</p>

  <p>Tie Sheng and the others stared. When they were able to see what was in the person’s hand, they were shocked. The person actually had a miniature nuclear bomb!</p>

  <p>Now that the person was unable to move, ZHao Hai took the miniature nuclear bomb from his hand. After taking a look at the bomb, Zhao Hai handed it over to Tie Sheng. Then he turned his head to everyone and said, “I advise you all to be honest. If you’re not from the Zhang family, then there’s no need to worry. If you’re from the Zhang Family, then I’ll let you live if you confess. After all, we still need some proof that there are spies from the Zhang Family. If you don’t confess now and the Undead points you out, then I’ll have to apologize, you will be killed.”</p>

  <p>Tie Sheng couldn’t help but wipe a cold sweat after storing the miniature nuclear bomb inside his spatial item. Then he nodded and said, “Right, if you confess now, we’ll let you keep your life!”</p>

  <p>The crowd began to move, then several people stood up and bowed. Then they said, “I hope Tie Sheng and Zhao Hai could keep their word.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hao looked at them and said, “Of course we’ll keep our word. However, I need to suppress you.” He waved his hand, restraining those who surrendered early. Although these people could still move, they could no longer use spiritual qi.</p>

  <p>After Zhao Hai suppressed these people, he said, “Go to the side.” Those who surrendered obediently walked to the side. At this time, the Undead had already finished forming. But Zhao Hai didn’t immediately command them to point their allies. Instead, Zhao Hai looked at those left and said, “This is your last chance to surrender. After this, I’ll be impolite.”</p>

  <p>Nobody else moved. Zhao Hai was too lazy to talk anymore. He just waved towards the Undead and had them point out the spies. At the same time, Zhao Hai concentrated at the crowd, just in case another person decided to make a move.</p>

  <p>Everyone anxiously waited as the Undead walked among the crowd. Then suddenly, an Undead pointed at one person. That man immediately shouted before trying to escape. However, because he was surrounded, it didn’t take long before he was captured.</p>

  <p>Now, as the Undead approached a group, those present began to prepare their magic and skills, guarded against those around them. They were afraid that the spies would suddenly lash out. Therefore, those who were pointed out by the Undead were immediately besieged.</p>

  <p>As the Undead continued to point people out, the spies began defending while some tried to escape. But no matter what they did, they were all captured. Naturally, Zhao Hai was impolite and immediately turned them into Undead. Then he commanded these Undead to point out more people. This went on until the Undead could no longer point anyone out.</p>

  <p>Once everything was over, Zhao Hai received the Undead. At the same time, those inside the cave began to relax.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai turned his head to Tie Sheng and said, “Brother Tie Sheng, we should be safe now.”</p>

  <p>Tie Sheng nodded, then he pat Zhao Hai’s shoulder and said, “Good job. Alright, everyone take a rest while we discuss what we’ll do from now on.”</p>

  <p>Everyone nodded. At this time, Margaret suddenly said, “Big Brother Tie Sheng, it’s best if we return to the family as soon as possible. Otherwise, Brother Hai wouldn’t be able to join the realm qualifiers.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Margaret, the expression on Tie Sheng and the others’s face changed. Then they turned to look at Zhao Hai. If it weren’t for Margaret, then they would’ve forgotten that Zhao Hai needed to attend the realm qualifiers.</p>

  <p>The realm qualifiers will happen one month from now. If Zhao Hai cannot return, then he wouldn’t be able to participate.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was the family’s strongest newcomer. If he cannot participate in the realm qualifiers, then not only the External Hall, the whole Ashley Family would suffer a huge loss. When the time comes, the Patriarch would certainly not let everyone off.</p>

  <p>On the other hand, what Margaret was thinking about was Zhao Hai and Thunder’s agreement. If Zhao Hai cannot attend the realm qualifiers, then he wouldn’t be able to reach the top ten. And in turn, Thunder wouldn’t allow Margaret and Zhao Hai to be together.</p>

  <p>Since she was worried about this, Margaret took the chance to remind Tie Sheng and the others. Tie Sheng knew how serious this matter was, so his expression couldn’t help but change.</p>

  <p>To a family, the External Hall was an organization that fought for the family’s benefit. Everyone saw Zhao Hai’s strength. Because of this, they knew that he could place highly in the realm qualifiers. Additionally, it was possible for him to be in the top one hundred in the Six Realm Beginner Competition. In this case, how much benefit could he bring to the Ashley Family? If Zhao Hai fails to come back in time, then it would be beyond unfortunate.</p>

  <p>With this thought in mind, Tie Sheng and the others began to the pressure. Zhao Hai looked at them and smiled, then he said, “Everyone, there’s no need to worry. There is still one month, I can certainly find a solution.” When Margaret heard Zhao Hai, she couldn’t help but blink. Then she thought about the fact that Zhao Hai was also use space magic. Maybe he could use a spatial rift to return back to Dark Demon Planet.</p>

  <p>When Tie Sheng heard Zhao Hai, he couldn’t help but ask, “Do you have a way?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I can also use space magic. But since my ability is still not enough, I cannot return directly to Dark Demon Planet. As long as I’m given time, I’ll be able to do so.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai wanting some time, Tie Sheng knew that Zhao Hai wanted to train himself in using Liquid Silver. When he thought of this, Tie Sheng nodded and said, “Alright. But you need to make sure that you’ll be on time for the realm qualifiers.”</p>

  <p>At this time, Charles asked, “Zhao Hai, if you can return to Dark Demon Planet, then does that mean that we could return as well?”</p>

  <p>Charles asked the question on everyone’s mind. When he asked this, everyone turned their vision towards Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Tie Sheng’s expression changed, then he sneaked a look at Charles. Taking all of them back to Dark Demon Planet wasn’t a simple matter. Was he planning to set Zhao Hai on fire? If Zhao Hai said that he couldn’t, then wouldn’t he disappoint everyone here? Even the people from the Bone Symbol Camp might look disapprovingly of Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>But Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Of course I can take everyone. We’ll leave this place together. Everyone can rest assured.”</p>

  <p>Charles’s expression loosened up. However, a deep dread began to appear in his eyes. Actually, he hoped that Zhao Hai couldn’t send everyone back. Therefore he deliberately asked this question so that people would feel discontent towards Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>The one who would lose the most face if this mission failed would be Zhao Hai. Because of the recent events, everyone undertaking the mission were beginning to admire him. And with Zhao Hai’s increasing fame in the External Hall, his reputation would increase once more when they return. This outcome wasn’t beneficial to the Ghost Symbol Camp.</p>

  <p>But who would’ve thought that Zhao Hai was unexpectedly this strong. He could actually send everyone back to Dark Demon Planet. In the future, Zhao Hai would certainly be able to suppress everyone in the External Hall.</p>

  <p>When everyone heard Zhao Hai, they all cheered, causing Zhao Hai to smile. He knew what Charles wanted to do, but he didn’t care much about it. Of course, he can send everyone back to Dark Demon Planet right now. The reason he delayed was because he didn’t want everyone to be terrified about his strength.</p>

  <p>At the same time, now that the Zhang Family fully intends on becoming his enemy, he planned to make things very hard for them. The Zhang Family were now scouring the meteorite field in order to look for the Ashley Family. Zhao Hai wanted to use this opportunity to hunt them down.</p>

  <p>Due to Zhao Hai’s assurance, the atmosphere inside the temporary base lightened up. The giant rock pressing down on their hearts disappeared and everyone began to relax.</p>

  <p>At this time, Tie Sheng arrived by Zhao Hai’s side and whispered, “Little Hai, can you really send everyone back to Dark Demon Planet? There’s more than 1000 people here.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Brother Tie Sheng, rest assured. Since I said that I can do it, then I can do it. Instead, let’s use the next couple of days to make the people from Zhang Family suffer. This way, they would know that we aren’t easily bullied.”</p>

  <p>To be honest, Zhao Hai didn’t intend to use the Space to send everyone back to Dark Demon Planet; since this would reveal one of his cards. However, with Margaret here, he couldn’t help but use it.</p>

  <p>Moreover, he wanted to attend the Six Realm Beginner Competition. He was interested in the abilities of the other realms. And this competition was a great opportunity to understand the World of Cultivation.</p>

  <p>Seeing that Zhao Hai was confident, Tie Sheng nodded and said, “Alright, we might as well. Since the Zhang Family to sent a lot of people into this meteorite field, let’s clean them up. We’ll let them know how terrifying we really are.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly. Then after seeing that Charles and Leo were talking with each other, he whispered to Tie Sheng, “Brother, pay attention to that Charles. He seems to be up to no good.”</p>

  <p>Tie Sheng smiled and said, “You think so as well? Rest assured, he can’t do anything. He wouldn’t dare act unreasonably in this place.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “Alright. Then I’ll be taking a rest. Everyone should take a rest as well. We still need to settle accounts with the Zhang Family.”</p>

  <p>Tie Sheng nodded and said, “Go. Always be careful. You cannot suffer an accident. Otherwise, the Camp Lord will never let me off.” Zhao Hai smiled. Then he waved his hand, opening himself a cave using magic.</p>

  <p>The long period spent in the meteorite field as well as the matter with the traitors made everyone very tired. But after they heard that Zhao Hai could send them back to Dark Demon Planet, they suddenly forgot that they were exhausted. After celebrating for a while, everyone returned to their caves in order to rest.</p>

  <p>After resting for several hours, everyone began to get up. They still have dry rations on them. Therefore, after waking up, they ate a bit before going out into the main cave to discuss what to do next.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai also walked out from his cave at this time. When he came out, everyone gave him their greetings. After returning the gesture, Zhao Hai went to look for Tie Sheng. At this time, Tie Sheng was already with the commanders, discussing their future actions.</p>

  <p>Seeing Zhao Hai arrive, Tie Sheng gave his greetings before asking Zhao Hai to sit down. Then he said, “Little Hai, what do you think we should do next?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “The Zhang Family is still looking for us in the meteorite field. We’ll find them first and give them a fierce counter-attack.”</p>

  <p>Charles frowned and said, “Since the Zhang Family wanted to deal with us, then it is certain that they sent out a lot of people. If we rashly attacked them, then we’ll end up suffering.’</p>

  <p>Leo agreed, he added, “Although the meteorite field doesn’t allow their huge numbers to function well, this also applies to us. Not to say about finding them, aren’t we at a disadvantage in a fight?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Numbers doesn’t mean strength. As long as we make proper plans, we can clean them up in one go. It would be best if we send people to scout the surrounding areas. This way, we would be more confident in dealing with the Zhang Family.”</p>
</body>
</html>