<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1027: Subduing the Five Element Skeletons</h3>

  <p>When Earth Skeleton heard Wood Skeleton’s surrender, he couldn’t help but shout, “You spineless coward! You don’t deserve to be an Undead!” Although he was pressured by Zhao Hai, his defense was still very good. Therefore, he still had some room to shout to Wood Skeleton.</p>

  <p>Upon hearing this, Zhao Hai said, “What, you don’t want to surrender? You want to die? Give up an almost immortal life just to become someone’s food? Is that what you want?”</p>

  <p>Words can execute hearts!</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s words could be said to be targeting the heart of the enemy, hitting the Undead’s weakness. An Undead’s life was almost endless. If they were like Gimreden who wholeheartedly delved themselves into research, then they wouldn’t care about life and death. They had already looked at both sides. To them, there was no difference between the two.</p>

  <p>However, Earth Skeleton and the others were different. People like Gimreden haven’t tasted authority and power. For Earth Skeleton and the others, the longer they live, then the bigger their authority would become. Because of this, they didn’t want to die. This was also the reason why Wood Skeleton surrendered.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai spoke his words, the aura of the Skeletons couldn’t help but weaken. After Zhao Hai spoke, Earth Skeleton didn’t make any noise. Although he was still defending, the defense had lost its fierce aura.</p>

  <p>&#160;Zhao Hai was Earth Skeleton’s opponent, so naturally he was able to sense the changes to the Skeleton’s mood. He also learned a trick. Sometimes, in battle, psychological pressure might just be the last straw to break the camel’s back.</p>

  <p>After he found out about the changes to Earth Skeleton, Zhao Hai’s hammer changed after his next attack. As he hammered down on Earth Skeleton, the skeleton proceeded to block. However, the hammers in Zhao Hai’s hands were suddenly exchanged into a huge net, capturing Earth Skeleton in the process. Earth Skeleton was shocked and wanted to struggle, however, the net had completely tied him up, giving him no opportunity to fight back.</p>

  <p>After seizing Earth Skeleton, Zhao Hai turned his attention towards Metal Skeleton. It can be said that among these group of people, Metal Skeleton was the most threatening one. But who knew that he would meet Zhao Hai? Because of this, the Skeleton’s threat was reduced to its lowest point. Metal Skeleton had turned his metal ball into a huge axe as he battle against Guli and Jiang Zheng in close combat.&#160;</p>

  <p>After sensing that Zhao Hai’s attention was placed on him, Metal Skeleton knew that it was the end. After he thought about this, he couldn’t help but put his weapon down as he said, “I’m willing to surrender.”</p>

  <p>When Water Skeleton saw that her peers were either on the verge of dying or had surrendered, leaving her alone to fend for herself, she also dropped her weapon. At this point, the battle was over.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and the others also withdrew their weapons. Zhao Hai turned his head to Addison and nodded. Addison immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant. He turned to the Five Element Skeletons and said, “Since you submit, then follow me.” After he said that, a spatial rift opened up before he flew in.</p>

  <p>The Five Element Skeletons couldn’t help but stare when they saw this. However, they couldn’t retreat even if they wanted to. Therefore, they could only clench their teeth as they also entered the rift.</p>

  <p>When the Skeletons entered the rift, the Space immediately issued a prompt, “Five Yin Element Skeletons detected. Subduing. Subjugation complete. Extracting their abilities and strengthening the Host’s control abilities. Extraction complete, strengthening complete!”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai felt the energy inside his body grow a bit stronger, then there wasn’t anything else. Zhao Hai was also aware that he was already very strong, so the increase of the five elements could only do so much to him.</p>

  <p>At this time, another prompt sounded out, “Variant ancient tree detected. Extracting seeds, seeds extracted. Seeds can now be bought in the Space’s store. Tree can be planted in the Hell Space. The tree’s main attack has yin attribute.”</p>

  <p>When he heard this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but gawk. But then he understood that this ancient tree was Wood Skeleton’s blood tree. Zhao Hai hadn’t thought about it before, he was only reminded when he heard the Space’s prompt.&#160;</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai cured Fire Skeletons’ injuries first before taking them to the villa along with Addison’s group.</p>

  <p>Laura and the others were currently having the Undead clean up the battlefield. Actually, there was nothing much to take care of. This time, they completely suppressed Blood Droop City. There weren’t that many Undead who got killed, most of them had been caught and sent to the Space.</p>

  <p>After cleaning up, Laura and the others began to release Blood Drop City’s Undead back. With this, outsiders wouldn’t see anything wrong.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai entered the room and waved his hand as he said, “Everyone, please take a seat.” Addison and the others obediently sat, the Five Element Skeletons sat down as well. The skeletons had already been subdued by the Space.</p>

  <p>When everyone had settled down, Zhao Hai said, “I didn’t expect to capture all of you at the same time. This saved me a lot of trouble. The next thing we have to do is to conquer your cities before we deal with the Gibbon Brothers. Addison, you discuss how to deal with this matter. But don’t make too big of a move.”</p>

  <p>Addison and the others nodded before they turned around and left. After that, Zhao Hai turned his attention to Laura and the others who were currently looking at the monitor. At this time, the monitor was displaying Blood Drop City’s situation. The City’s Undead had been released back, naturally they were now Zhao Hai’s subordinates.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at this and smiled as he said, “Good. You’re getting more and more adept at this. Cai’er, is there any possibility for the others to suspect us?”</p>

  <p>Cai’er shook her head and said, “Young Master, you can rest assured. Since our action is too fast, nobody should have found out about it.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai began to relax, then he turned to Laura and said, “Good, it seems like the Resistance Army would soon be under my control.”</p>

  <p>Laura also smiled as she said, “I didn’t expect it to go this smoothly. Brother Hai, those people don’t look too powerful. Compared to your fight with Addison, they seem to fall short.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai laughed, “You underestimate me. I’ve been constantly progressing ever since I acquired the Myriad Stellar Transformations Ying Yang Art. It took so long to fight Addison because one, it’s the first time I’ve ran into my match, and second, I have a lack of combat experience. At this time, Addison is no longer my opponent, even if I don’t use my Blood Ghost Staff.”</p>

  <p>Laura replied, “Brother Hai, from what I can see, I suggest that you should be using the function of your staff more often. Otherwise, the fights would take too long. Brother Hai, you seem to have forgotten, the Blood Ghost Staff is your weapon, and nobody can take it away. Not using its transformations would be too wasteful. You should be transforming your staff appropriately in order to deal with your enemy. This should be how you fight in the future.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gawked, he always thought that using his Blood Ghost Staff all the time would be a bit too overkill. Now that Laura had reminded him, he couldn’t help but feel stupid. Just as Laura said, the staff was his own weapon, nobody else could use it. He can also take it out at any time. If he didn’t use his staff, then it would surely be a waste.</p>

  <p>After thinking about this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but give out an embarrassed smile as he said, “Thanks for the reminder. I’ve been negligent. I will do better in the future.”&#160;</p>

  <p>Laura giggled as she gave Zhao Hai a kiss. This was the aspect that she liked about Zhao Hai the most. He knew how to admit to his mistakes. Moreover, he was very good at listening to suggestions and wouldn’t dismiss anything that embarrassed him. Not being angered after being corrected was Zhao Hai’s greatest strong point.</p>

  <p>At this time, Addison and the others have reached an agreement. Addison bowed to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, we’ve already made a plan. After we head back, we will immediately execute it.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “Go, remember to keep everything secret, don’t let anybody discover our actions. I’d prefer we spend more time to keep it a secret than having other people find out.”</p>

  <p>Addison and the others nodded. Then they bowed to Zhao Hai and left. Zhao Hai turned his head to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, supervise their actions. If they need any help, give it to them. As long as we can smoothly take the domain of the Five Element Skeletons, the Resistance Army is essentially ours.”</p>

  <p>Cai’er gave a nod, she immediately understood Zhao Hai’s command. Only once Zhao Hai gained the Resistance Army’s territory would he become one of the three major forces in the Underworld. And with the Resistance Army in his control, he could now expand outwards and swallow the entire plane.</p>

  <p>Cai’er was very clear how important the Underworld was to Zhao Hai. It can be said that both the Divine Realm or the Atlanta Plane couldn’t compare to the importance of the Underworld. The Underworld’s Dark Mist can block most creatures from entering the plane. This meant that Zhao Hai would have a very safe rear base. Moreover, this rear base would also produce troops, a steady stream of troops, which was also important for Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Most importantly, there were also those huge skeletons as well as the plants of the Underworld. The Space was already more than level 100, yet it still couldn’t find out their uses. This was enough to cause Zhao Hai to place his attention to the plane.</p>

  <p>What they need to do right now was to take the Underworld. After doing that, then they would go to the Atlanta Plane to look for the Ascension magic armor. If they couldn’t use the magic armor, then they could only ascend in the Divine Realm. Although doing so would cause Lu Wei to pursue them, Zhao Hai would be able to manage since he had the troops from the Underworld. And as long as Zhao Hai’s strength continues to go up, there would come a time where they wouldn’t be afraid of Lu Wei anymore.</p>

  <p>Also, Zhao Hai had some suspicions about that fellow in the Dark Temple. Zhao Hai thinks that controlling the Underworld through the Dark Temple shouldn’t be just for acquiring troops. Perhaps there was another goal, but Zhao Hai has no way to find out about it right now.</p>
</body>
</html>