<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 851: Second Improvement?</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai understood why the Demon Dragon King was at a disadvantage. This was because the Demon Dragon King had just acquired his Domain Weapon. Therefore, he wasn’t as skilled in handling it as his opponent. On the other hand, the Great Demon King had his devil’s chariot for a long time, causing him to be comfortable when using it.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai wanted to see if there were more Domain Weapon experts left in Holy Light City. But after looking for some time, it seems like there were no other experts waiting inside.</p>

  <p>At this time, Fei’er and the others arrived by Zhao Hai’s side. They were looking at the fight with an ugly expression.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at them and said, “What’s wrong? Worried that they’ll lose?”</p>

  <p>Fei’er shook his head and said, “From what I can see, it seems like the fight couldn’t be finished quickly. I’m not worried that the Great Demon King and Demon Dragon King would lose, but this is not good for our plan. With no Domain Weapons available, we won’t be able to pierce the city in &#160;a short time.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Don’t worry, let’s just stay here for some time. Besides, aren’t we waiting for your messengers to come back? Let’s just observe the Divine Race for some time.” When he heard this, Fei’er couldn’t help but stare. Then he quickly understood what Zhao Hai meant. They would tussle with the Divine Race while waiting for the messengers to come back. If they went on to capture Holy Light city right now, then they would definitely be met with the Divine Race’s counterattack. In this case, the Divine Race might block their troops from coming over.</p>

  <p>Time is what they need right now, not Holy Light City. And just waiting outside the city works for them since Zhao Hai will be providing the supplies. They won’t need any outpost nor supply chains. Where Zhao Hai was is where their base is located.</p>

  <p>Fei’er nodded and then he asked, “Mister, when can you use your ship?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai turned his head to Fei’er and smiled, “Rest assured, it’ll be done soon.”</p>

  <p>Fei’er didn’t say anything else. He knew that Zhao Hai had a great hatred with the Divine Race. He definitely won’t make them feel any better.</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King were still fighting with the two Divine Race experts. Zhao Hai didn’t stop them nor did he attack the city. It seems like he was just waiting for the fight to end.</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King had already been fighting for two hours. Nobody can help them. Everyone present understood that this fight would take a few days before some result can be seen.</p>

  <p>Both sides drew back, they knew that there was no point in battling it out at this time. Zhao Hai saw this happening and then waved his hand. Behind him a bell sound has been heard. This was a signal for the army to retreat.</p>

  <p>After hearing this sound, the Great Demon King and Demon Dragon King immediately made a slow retreat. At the same time, the two Divine Race experts didn’t chase them and instead headed back to Holy Light City.</p>

  <p>The two Divine Race experts knew about Zhao Hai’s strength. If Zhao Hai attacks Holy Light City, then he might take it. However, Zhao Hai would still lose a lot. It was because of this that the two Divine Race experts weren’t afraid. They knew that Zhao Hai couldn’t lose too much people, or else he would be finished. This was accentuated by the fact that Zhao Hai only sent the Domain Weapon experts to attack, he wanted to break the city in one go. But now that those two experts were blocked, Zhao Hai naturally wouldn’t let his ordinary army attack.</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King Demon Dragon King retreated to Zhao Hai’s platform. Both of them had ashamed expressions as they made a salute to Zhao Hai, then the Great Demon King said, “Mister, we have disappointed you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at them and laughed, “It’s fine, the other side also had two experts, I can see that. Let me tell you about my plan. I want to stay here in Holy Light City for a few days. What do you think?” The Great Demon King and Demon Dragon King had rich experience in battle, so when they heard Zhao Hai, their eyes immediately shone. The Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, you mean you want to drag time?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai laughed and said, “Yes. Your Majesty, there’s no need to go all out in the fight. Your life is valuable, it’s not worth it to expend all your energy. Just tussle with those experts for a few days. I’ll take care of the rest.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King and Demon Dragon King laughed as well. On the other hand, Fei’er and the others couldn’t help but force a smile. They knew that those Domain Weapon Experts of the Divine Race weren’t ordinary people.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the group and said, “Alright, let’s end today with this. After we retreat, go back and take a rest. Let’s see if Holy Light City dares to sneak an attack. If they come, I’ll personally give them a lesson.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King smiled and said, “I think they won’t come. They know that we have Domain Weapons. It would be foolish for them to attack.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “That’s true. Alright, everyone go and take a rest. Don’t attack in the next few days. We aren’t capturing the city, we’re only delaying for time. Conserve your strength so when the time comes we won’t have any mishaps.”</p>

  <p>Fei’er and the others nodded before they turned around and left. After they left, the Demon Dragon King immediately said, “Mister, I’m very sorry for disappointing you.” Zhao Hai looked at the Demon Dragon King and smiled, “It’s fine, I’m not disappointed at all. You just obtained the sword chariot so you aren’t very familiar with it. Don’t put it to heart.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King also comforted, “Demon Dragon, don’t let it get to you. You had just obtained your Domain Weapon. Being able to wield it like you did was already quite a surprise. I remember the first time I obtained my devil’s chariot, it took me a long time before I could use it comfortably.”</p>

  <p>At this time, Zhao Hai can hear a prompt, “Universal Processing Machine has come out with a supplementary design. Needs host’s confirmation to proceed with the improvement. Can use crystallization ability to improve the item’s armor as well as increase the cannons’ aggressiveness.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gawked, then he turned to the Great Demon King and Demon Dragon King before he said, “Your Majesty, Demon Dragon. I’m afraid I’ll have to leave you here. I have a small matter to process. Please take the time to take a rest.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King and Demon Dragon King didn’t ask Zhao Hai what his matter was. They just nodded and turned around to head towards their carriages while Zhao Hai’s figure appeared on the Space.</p>

  <p>Laura and the others were also in front of the processing machine. They don’t know what just happened but they could understand that it was related to the Hell King’s ship.</p>

  <p>After seeing Zhao Hai come, they immediately made way. Zhao Hai looked at the processing machine and into the image of the ship. He discovered that there was an additional description shown there.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai selected the description and saw the image of the ship change. The entire Hell King’s ship had turned into a ship made out of transparent crystals. It still had its eighteen story deck and 9 cabins. On both sides were cannons that totalled to 162. Below the cabin was another deck, Zhao Hai can see that the yin-yang pool has been moved to this deck.</p>

  <p>After seeing this design, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but nod. It was truly good. Zhao Hai looked at the whole ship again, the yin-yang pool still powered the whole ship, like a reactor providing energy to the whole structure. This pool can also absorb energy from outside, no matter what source, it would take it in.</p>

  <p>The ship was now covered with this unknown crystal. It made the ship more sturdy, almost to the point of being invincible.</p>

  <p>At the same time, the cannons looked more interesting as well. The cannons can emit energy beams that are much stronger than a God-rank expert. As for how strong it was? Zhao Hai couldn’t wait to try it out.</p>

  <p>This ship had many designs unique to the immortal cultivation world. It can fly in the sky, run on land, swim in the water, and even drill underground.</p>

  <p>Besides these, it can also change it shape into big or small with no changes to its speed. Most importantly, the ship had absorbed some abilities from the Space. The entire ship except the topmost which was reserved for Zhao Hai, are fully enclosed decks and cabins. They can be loaded with both people and undead, 100 thousand people or ten million undead!</p>
</body>
</html>