<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 660: Fixing the Elven Bow</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I also wasn’t aware of this matter before. But when I went to the Fishmen, I discovered that their history was much more complete. It was them who told me about this matter.”</p>

  <p>Billy’s expression calmed down as he said, “Radiant Church, truly vicious beings. Up until now, we still haven’t understood why the Humans have suppressed us. As it turns out, it was the Radiant Church’s plan all along. We must completely destroy them, all of them!”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Patriarch, don’t worry, we will surely have the opportunity to do that, we certainly will. Sooner or later, we will come in contact with the Church, at that time, we will deal with them ourselves.”</p>

  <p>Billy coldly snorted, he knew that he couldn’t be anxious about this. In any case, there would be an opportunity in the future. Zhao Hai looked at Billy and said, “Patriarch, what do you think would happen to the Great Elder and Gaye?”</p>

  <p>Billy snorted and said, “They shouldn’t be let off easily. Except for the Humans, other races treat treason as a major crime.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sigh. What Billy said was true, whether it be Dwarves or Beastmen, or even the proud Elves punish rebels quite severely. This was something that differed from the Humans. In the continent, there were many Human Empires. And the Humans on those Empires had more sense of belonging to their own Empire compared to the entire Human Race.</p>

  <p>At this time, Gellar arrived. Zhao Hai and Billy discovered that Gellar’s expression wasn’t the best, but they didn’t say anything about it. Gellar accompanied the people who delivered them some food to eat. Elven diet was quite peculiar, they mostly don’t eat meat, giving priority to consuming fruits and vegetables. Therefore, there were a lot of fruits and vegetables in the food that was presented to Billy and Zhao Hai. There was a staple food that seemed to taste like the bread fruit, but it didn’t have a hard outer shell, and it was also shaped like a horn.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai wasn’t disgusted by the food, but Billy was different. The Dwarves liked to eat meat, so when he saw the spread on the table, he couldn’t help but lose appetite.</p>

  <p>After the food was set on the table, Gellar gave Billy and Zhao Hai a bow and said, “Please enjoy our food. If you need anything, just shake the bell on the table and someone will come and listen to your requests.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Thank you, Miss Gellar. The food looks delicious.”</p>

  <p>Gellar gave another bow and then seemed to have some words that she wanted to say. But in the end, she didn’t say it and just turned around to leave. Zhao Hai noticed her hesitation so he smiled faintly and said, “Miss Gellar, wait. Do you have anything you want to say? Please, don’t hesitate to tell us.”</p>

  <p>When Gellar heard Zhao Hai, she couldn’t help but stop. She turned her head to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, I just want to ask, why did the Great Elder and the Prince betray the Elf Race?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t think that Gellar would ask this question. He looked at Gellar and asked, “Why would Miss Gellar ask about this matter? What relationship does the Great Elder and the Prince have with you?”</p>

  <p>Gellar’s face paled slightly as she answered, “The Great Elder is my Grandmother while the Prince is my Father. If mister Zhao Hai knows the reason, please do tell me.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and Billy stared, they didn’t expect that the person in front of them was an Elven Princess. While looking at Gellar, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sympathize with her, he sighed and said, “I have a guess, but it doesn’t mean that it’s true. It is highly possible that the Great Elder was a spy that was sent by the Radiant Church a long time ago.”</p>

  <p>Gellar was confused at what Zhao Hai said, this was because Zhao Hai said that the Great Elder was sent by the Radiant Church. This was completely different from the Great Elder betraying the Elven Race.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Gellar and continued, “There has been a long standing plan of the Church to abduct the children of major races and brainwash them, making loyal believers of the Radiant God. They will transform those children into people who would give everything for the Church’s deity. After brainwashing those children, they would then send them back to their races, effectively infiltrating the races. I have come across a similar situation back in the Beastman Prairie. Therefore, I thought of the possibility of the Great Elder being one of these abducted children. As for Gaye, he is the son of the Great Elder, so it is possible that he was educated by the Great Elder from a very young age. But all of these are my guesses, I cannot assure you that it is real.”</p>

  <p>Gellar’s face was quite pale while listening to Zhao Hai, she looked at the other party and said, “So Mister means that the Great Elder was taken away by the Radiant Church when she was young, then they sent her back after brainwashing. All of this just to deal with the Elven Race? However, why does the Great Elder seem extremely passionate in serving our race?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “There’s nothing wrong about that. Since your race is extremely sealed off, there was no opportunity to send information back to the Radiant Church. Therefore, she did the other method, work hard and gain a high rank. After that, she would then get access to the core of the race and get more secrets to send in an opportune time.”</p>

  <p>Gellar and Billy nodded, this was a highly probable case. The Great Elder was in a position above tens of thousands of Elves. If she wasn’t discovered by the Supreme Elder, then the alliance would have failed. This was something that made spies extremely scary.</p>

  <p>Gellar bowed to Zhao Hai and said, “I thank mister for dispelling my doubts. Then I wouldn’t be disturbing Mister’s meal any longer.” Then she bowed towards Billy before turning around to leave.</p>

  <p>After Gellar left Zhao Hai’s place, she immediately looked for the Queen. Then she told the Queen about what Zhao Hai had told her. After listening, the Queen immediately thought that this wasn’t a simple matter. So she immediately went to the Supreme Elder and told him.</p>

  <p>After telling this to the Supreme Elder, the Supreme Elder’s expression turned cold, then he turned to the Queen and said, “What do you plan to do next?”</p>

  <p>The Queen replied, “I suspect that there are more spies aside from the Great Elder. The Great Elder had been in her position for many years, and she had also gained a lot of loyal followers that we need to deal with. I plan to send the Divine Artifact to Patriarch Zhao Hai today. If Patriarch Zhao Hai can really fix the Elven Bow, then the matter would be taken cared of easily. If he can’t, then I’ll have to ask the Supreme Elder to act. We must thoroughly check every Elf inside the tree.”</p>

  <p>The Supreme Elder nodded, “This is truly a matter that needs to be looked at. The Radiant Church’s spies in our race need to be completely weeded out. Your Majesty, we should establish our alliance with Mister Zhao Hai as soon as possible. There are only benefits that we can get out of it. At the same time, have the Elves stop making artworks and have them make more weapons. In the fight against the Divine Race, artworks wouldn’t be very useful.”</p>

  <p>The Queen nodded, then she turned around to leave. The Supreme Elder sighed, he was worried about the future of the continent. The Divine Race has been preparing for tens of thousands of years. Their strike should be as swift as a thunderbolt, will the Continent be prepared for it?</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai wasn’t thinking about any of these right now. At this point, he was already finishing up the food along with Billy. To be honest, these Elven fruits and vegetables weren’t completely unpalatable. However, they weren’t very good as well, they were too bland. With no seasoning, there wasn’t any taste to be amazed about.</p>

  <p>On the other hand, the wine that the Eles made were very good. While the two were sitting and chatting, an announcement was suddenly heard, “Her Majesty has arrived!”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and Billy stared, but they immediately stood up. At this time, the Elf Queen had her men open the door before she walked in.</p>

  <p>The two immediately gave the Queen a salute, then the Queen returned the gesture and said, “Patriarchs, please sit down. I’m here to ask Mister Zhao Hai for help.” Then she waved her hand as Gellar brought a longbow in.</p>

  <p>This longbow was green, and seemed to be made out of a kind of crystal. It had a vine twining on its body and a single leaf on its top. On the other hand, the bowstring was something that Zhao Hai couldn’t identify. It was not thick, and was even fairly transparent. If one wasn’t paying attention, then they wouldn’t notice its existence.</p>

  <p>The Queen extended both of her hands and received the bow, then she lifted it towards Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, this is our Elven Race’s Divine Artifact. We ask Mister to try and fix it.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I will certainly offer my help. I ask Your Majesty to rest assured. However, it would require an evening’s time. By tomorrow, Your Majesty would be able to know if I was able to fix it or not. I also hope that Your Majesty sends word that nobody is to disturb me tonight.”</p>

  <p>Naturally, there was no need for the Queen to decline. So she immediately replied, “Mister, don’t worry. I will have people assigned to keep the surroundings peaceful. Patriarch Billy, I have arranged a separate room for you. What do you think?”</p>

  <p>Billy understood what the Queen meant, she was afraid that Billy would disturb Zhao Hai. This was a natural worry, so Billy nodded and said, “I understand, then I shall take my leave.” The Queen expressed her gratitude to Billy before she lead the Dwarf Patriarch out of the room, leaving Zhao Hai along inside.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t immediately head to the Space, he just sat there and carefully examined the Elven Bow. The bow arm was made out of a kind of crystal, and it was evidently quite tough. On the other hand, the bowstring was not only hard to pull, it was also quite sharp to touch. It seems like if one wanted to use this bow, special techniques would need to be learned first.</p>

  <p>After examining for some time and finding out nothing, Zhao Hai then took the Elven bow to the Space. The moment he entered the Space, a prompt was heard, “Damaged item detected, proceeding to repair it. Repair has been completed. Subduing the spirit. Unique Crystal has been discovered. Extracting the crystals properties. Improving the host’s crystallization technique.”</p>
</body>
</html>