<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1298: Crescent Moon Spade</h3>

  <p>However, before Zhao Hai was able to get the results, the people in the camp welcomed them. It was Wu Yang who led everyone out. Wu Yang’s relationship with Zhao Hai was quite good, so he led the group.</p>

  <p>Seeing him come, Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then flew forward as well. The two opened their arms and hugged each other as they laughed.</p>

  <p>After some time, the two let go of each other. Then one after another, those who knew Zhao Hai gave him a hug of gratitude. Zhao Hai could feel that they were very moved.</p>

  <p>These people couldn’t do anything earlier since their strength wasn’t enough. However, they could clearly see that Hao Sha was a Nascent Soul Expert.</p>

  <p>In the past, when Nascent Soul Experts attacked the Machine Field territory, the only way they could deal with them was with human wave attacks. There was nobody among them who could face a Nascent Soul Expert one-on-one and win. However, Zhao Hai actually achieved this. Although it wasn’t really a one-on-one, being able to kill the opposite party was still an extraordinary result.</p>

  <p>After some time, Wu Yang looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, where’s Captain?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “He’s behind me. Their speed is slow, so when he discovered what was happening, he made me go first.”</p>

  <p>Wu Yang nodded and said, “Fortunately, you returned on time. Otherwise, who knows how many people we’ll lose. Come with me, let’s greet the people from other forts who came to help.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and then followed Wu Yang into the fort in order to meet the people from the other forts. And because Yuan had taken him to the other forts before, a lot of them already knew each other.</p>

  <p>These people came to support them, so Wu Yang can’t just ask them to leave. Wu Yang invited them in and then prepared them something to eat. This was to thank them and also so that they could meet Yuan.</p>

  <p>Although the Six Realms Battlefield was very dangerous, the resources sent here doesn’t need to be mentioned. The Machine Field was very willing to send the very best food and drinks here. Even if it cannot be compared to those eaten by the Great Families in the realm, it was far better than those eaten by most families.</p>

  <p>While Wu Yang was very busy waiting on their reinforcements, Yuan and the others arrived. Wu Yang welcomed them happily. And without even waiting for Zhao Hai to talk, he retold the entire fight to them.</p>

  <p>When Yuan heard that it was Hao Sha, he immediately understood why they were under attack. And after hearing that Zhao Hai killed him, he didn’t say anything. Zhao Hai’s approach was the same as Yuan’s. If it was him, then he’ll kill Hao Sha as well. Naturally, this was if he had the strength to do so.</p>

  <p>Yuan didn’t talk about much with Zhao Hai and he just made Wu Yang prepare the food. At the same time, he arranged a place for Liu Zhen and his team to stay in. The fort wasn’t small, so there was enough room for everyone.</p>

  <p>Although Liu Zhen had his area to defend, their actions weren’t restricted at all. Additionally, there were enough people left in the fort to defend. Therefore, it wouldn’t be a problem for them to stay in Yuan’s camp for several days.</p>

  <p>Naturally, Liu Zhen decided to stay here and not leave because he wanted Zhao Hai to help them refine their weapons. But since there were so many people present, it wasn’t an appropriate time to bring the topic up.</p>

  <p>Yuan proceeded to thank everyone who offered help and gave them a toast. Then after the celebration, everyone left. It was already dark and the team had been travelling for several days. Therefore, they went back to rest early. Meanwhile, Zhao Hai returned to the Space.</p>

  <p>Cai’er just finished analyzing the crescent moon spade. However, the result was both very disappointing and very exciting for Zhao Hai. This was because it returned a prompt that he hadn’t heard from before, “The Host’s level is too low to comprehensively analyze the weapon. Only the method to use it can be given. Asking the Host to work harder.”</p>

  <p>It’s been a long time since Zhao Hai heard this prompt. Currently, the Space’s level is 180. This wasn’t a very low level. And even in such a case, it was still not enough to analyze the weapon. This just shows how powerful the weapon was. In addition to his excitement, Zhao Hai was also somewhat worried.</p>

  <p>He was happy because he gained a powerful weapon, but he also knew that there weren’t a lot of these kinds of items in the World of Cultivation. He didn’t even know where it came from.</p>

  <p>The crescent moon spade, as well as the Six Realms Battlefield, told Zhao Hai that there was something more powerful than the World of Cultivation. They may be people who controlled the World of Cultivation the same way as Lu Wei was controlling the Divine Realm. If that was the case, then Zhao Hai was going to face more powerful enemies later.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai could now be considered as a Nascent Soul Expert in the World of Cultivation. And because of the Space, he was an invincible existence among the other Nascent Soul Experts. However, since he hadn’t met Transcending Tribulation Experts yet, he doesn’t know how strong they were.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai believed that every weapon made in the World of Cultivation could be analyzed by the Space. Even weapons made by the Great Sects would be the same.</p>

  <p>Also, whether it was the Cultivation Realm’s magic artifacts or the Demon Realm’s demon artifacts, as long as he wanted to, he could check them online. Even those who had been lost could still be searched.</p>

  <p>But in these databases, there was no mention about the crescent moon spade. This caused Zhao Hai to believe that the crescent moon spade was far greater than the artifacts of the World of Cultivation. This was because Zhao Hai was confident that no weapon used by a Nascent Soul Expert could face Liquid Silver’s full attack and remain unnscathed. The crescent moon spade remaining undamaged despite clashing with Liquid Silver only meant that it was very formidable.</p>

  <p>All of this evidence showed that the crescent moon spade doesn’t belong to the World of Cultivation. With this thought in mind, Zhao Hai called over the Undead Hao Sha. Although Hao Sha has been turned into an undead, it was able to retain its original body. At this time, Hao Sha was in his humanoid form as he respectfully stood before Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Jia Ding Shan followed Zhao Hai inside the Space and stood on the side. Since he has been subdued by the Space, then Zhao Hai doesn’t need to hide its existence from him. And since Jia Ding Shan lost a few scales in his battle with Hao Sha, Zhao Hai had to bring him into the Space to heal his wounds.</p>

  <p>Laura and the others were currently sitting in the living room. But this time, they weren’t looking at the computer and were instead inspecting the crescent moon spade.</p>

  <p>Although there was a dense amount of ghost qi around the crescent moon spade, Laura and the others weren’t afraid of it. Instead, they were very curious about the spade.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Hai Sha, then he pointed towards the crescent moon spade and said, “Hao Sha, where did you get this thing?”</p>

  <p>Hao Sha immediately replied, “Answering the Young Master. I got this thing inside a cave residence on a deserted planet. Besides this weapon, there’s also a skeleton of a Cultivator inside that cave. From what I can see, the Cultivator might have been seriously injured and died.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gently knit his brows and said, “You couldn’t find the status of the Cultivator?”</p>

  <p>Hao Sha shook his head and said, “I was unable to find out. The Cultivator had no identification in his body. He doesn’t even have his spatial equipment. Only the crescent moon spade was there. But the Cultivator was supposed to be wearing defensive robes. I found some fragments of the robe on his bones, but I don’t know what it was made from. The bones of the Cultivator were also very strange. Every inch of his bones was broken, it looked very horrible.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded. Then he thought deeply about the strangeness of the situation. This crescent moon spade was very formidable, Zhao Hai rarely found something more powerful. However, the owner of the crescent moon spade actually had every inch of his bones broken. What kind of attack did he experience? What was more terrifying was that despite every inch of his bones broken, the man was still able to escape to a planet before dying. The resilience of this person surpassed Zhao Hai’s imagination.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai believed that the owner of the crescent moon spade escaped to the planet on his own. Otherwise, his enemy wouldn’t have left the crescent moon spade alone. As for why the person didn’t have any spatial equipment, perhaps he could use space magic or perhaps his spatial item has been destroyed. All of these were possible.</p>

  <p>With this thought in mind, Zhao Hai looked at Hao Sha and said, “Hao Sha, what did you do to that person’s skeleton? Can we still find it?” Zhao Hai wanted to see the man’s bones with his own eyes in order to learn more about him.</p>

  <p>Hao Sha replied, “Replying to the Young Master. Because I took his weapon, I prepared a coffin for his skeleton. However, the moment I came in contact with the skeleton, it immediately turned into ash. The garments were also the same. I’m afraid the Young Master wouldn’t be able to see them anymore.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he said, “This weapon is very strong. Why didn’t you use it in the beginning of the fight? If you did, then Jia Ding Shan would have been severely injured.”</p>

  <p>Hao Sha replied, “With my present strength, I’m not able to control the weapon completely. Every time it was used, it would consume massive amounts of my energy. It would also cause damage to my mind, causing me to be weakened for a long time. And if I kept using it, my wounds would only get more and more severe.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded. At this time, he took the data from Cai’er. When he looked at how the weapon was used, Zhao Hai’s expression couldn’t help but stare. This weapon was more demanding than he thought. Moreover, the energy and spiritual force requirement of this weapon was very high. Even if Zhao Hai used this weapon, he wouldn’t be able to use it repeatedly – just like Hao Sha. But fortunately, Zhao Hai has Liquid Silver, so he has no need for the crescent moon spade.</p>

  <p>After looking at the weapon, then he waved to Hao Sha to make him retreat before storing the crescent moon shovel. Then he turned to Jia Ding Shan and said, “Jia Ding Shan, you’ll be staying in Planet number 30 to teach some disciples.”</p>
</body>
</html>