<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1279: Rewards</h3>

  <p>Satisfied, of course they’re satisfied. They were beyond satisfied!</p>

  <p>If Xiong Li and the others were unsatisfied with the island, then there’s no place in the world that would satisfy them. As soon as they heard Zhao Hai, Xiong Li and the others laughed then they flew around to examine the island.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai saw their actions and didn’t mind it. The island’s vitality has already been improved. Zhao Hai raised some fishes and prawns in the island’s waters. Naturally, these fishes weren’t for consumption, they were for viewing.</p>

  <p>Before long, Xiong Li and the others returned to Zhao Hai’s side. They had already examined the entire island. They couldn’t believe how beautiful the island was. They were all happy.</p>

  <p>Seeing his brothers smiling, Zhao Hai smiled as well as he said, “Alright, let’s head back. It wouldn’t be good if we disappeared for a long time.” Then with a wave of his hand, the group returned to his room in the Machine Field Planet.</p>

  <p>Even after sitting down, Xiong Li and the others couldn’t hide the excitement on their faces. Xiong Li muttered, “I didn’t expect something so beautiful to exist. Moreover, it’s our base! I couldn’t help but smile when I think about it.”</p>

  <p>Dongfang Yu and the others nodded. Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It’s good that you like it. However, we still need to take care of Yalei 2. You shouldn’t underestimate that planet. Pay attention to the planet’s location and you’ll understand why I chose it.”</p>

  <p>As soon as they heard this, Xiong Li and the others immediately opened their computers and pulled up the star map. Almost immediately, they understood what Zhao Hai meant.</p>

  <p>When they settled down once more, Dongfang Yu said, “I failed to see Yalei 2’s surroundings before. As long as we develop the planet, it would certainly become a very good base.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I’ve recruited some people to help Margaret in transforming Yalei 2. I believe we can see a different Yalei 2 upon returning from the Six Realms Battlefield.”</p>

  <p>Dongfang Yu and the others were glad. After all, it was also their base. They could not see a situation where they couldn’t get the planet. They saw Yalei 2’s situation and to be honest, it was too easy to get the planet given their contribution. The Machine Field might even feel that they were giving an unfair reward.</p>

  <p>As the group were discussing Yalei 2, a robot’s voice was heard outside, “Mister Zhao Hai, Mister Ma Rulong is here to see you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai quickly said, “Invite him in immediately.” Then the robot opened the door and led Ma Rulong inside the room.</p>

  <p>Seeing Xiong Li and the others inside, Ma Rulong smiled and said, “It seems like you’re already aware that you will be going to the Six Realms Battlefield five days after receiving your reward. Do you need help preparing?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I have nothing else to prepare. But Team Leader, can I ask what our rewards are?”</p>

  <p>Ma Rulong smiled and said, “Actually, it’s nothing to ponder much about. Everyone in the Machine Field knows that we have a Realm Arsenal. Inside this arsenal are weapons of the Machine Field. Your reward is choosing items inside this arsenal. Little Hai can choose ten while Xiong Li and the others can choose three. Naturally, this isn’t all. All of you will also receive 10 million machine coins each. Also, you’ll get a thousandth of the income from the mines and ore planets.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and the others stared. This didn’t mean that they thought that the reward was small. On the contrary it was too high. The other things were good, but the best one was the one thousandth income from the mines and ore planets.</p>

  <p>The Machine Field obtained a lot of valuable mines and ore planets. The resources mined on these places would all be sent to the Machine Field. The mined minerals would be of great use to the realm. A thousandth of all of these minerals was a very remarkable amount. Rewarding them with such an amount was beyond Zhao Hai’s expectations.</p>

  <p>Seeing Zhao Hai and the others’ expression, Ma Rulong smiled and said, “This matter has already been decided, it can no longer be changed so you can rest assured. Also, if it weren’t for you, the Machine Field wouldn’t have gotten its hands on those mines. Giving you this much is normal. The Machine Field has never been stingy in rewarding people with great contributions. Right, do you have any requests? If there’s anything you want, just tell me and I’ll see what I can do. As long as it isn’t an excessive request, of course.”</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai heard Ma Rulong, he smiled and said, “Team Leader, I have a request.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s words caused Ma Rulong to be interested. He knew that Zhao Hai rarely asked for anything. Now that Zhao Hai has made a request, Ma Rulong was surprised. He immediately said, “Alright, tell me.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai replied, “Team Leader, we brothers plan to go independent after going to the Six Realms Battlefield. Because of this, we want to set up a base on a planet.”</p>

  <p>Ma Rulong replied, “You want a planet? You really want a planet? That’s…”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Team Leader, the planet we want isn’t that extraordinary. In fact, the Machine Field put it up for sale. It’s called Yalei 2.”</p>

  <p>Ma Rulong raised his brows and asked, “Yalei 2? Where is that? Why haven’t I heard of it?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but roll his eyes. Then he gestured to the computer and said, “Team Leader, you can go take a look.” Ma Rulong nodded and immediately opened the computer. He pulled out the star map and found Yalei 2.</p>

  <p>Upon reading the information regarding Yalei 2, Ma Rulong turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, this is the place you want? Even birds won’t defecate here.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I also want something good, but I reckon nobody would agree. Yalei 2 is still acceptable. If I have it, then I can use it to raise crabs.”</p>

  <p>“Crab?” Ma Rulong quickly responded, “Are those the huge crabs we ate? You can grow them in Yalei 2?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Team Leader, you can rest assured. It could support the crabs. The planet doesn’t even need to be transformed that much.”</p>

  <p>Ma Rulong nodded and said, “Alright, this shouldn’t be a problem. It’s a planet that nobody wants. Those guys might even be happy to hand it over to you. Right, Little Hai, since I came over, how about treating this old man to some drinks?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai laughed as he immediately led the group to the dining area before taking out food and wine.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and the others waited in Machine Field Planet for two days before receiving their rewards. The Awarding ceremony was actually very troublesome. The first part was held in an assembly hall. Speeches came one after the other. After several hours of speeches, only then were the group taken to the Realm Arsenal.</p>

  <p>The Realm Arsenal was very famous in the Machine Field. Unlike the secret treasuries of the families, the Realm Arsenal belonged to the public. Various Families would bring over weapons and other items every year in order to enrich this arsenal.</p>

  <p>The existence of this arsenal serves two purposes. The first was to award prizes to those who made contributions to the Machine Field like Zhao Hai and the others. The second purpose was to use it as a huge logistics base. If the Machine Field goes to war with another realm, then the weapons and resources of this arsenal would be used to defend against the enemy. Only after this arsenal gets emptied would the Great Families open their own arsenals.</p>

  <p>It might sound ridiculous, but this was what the Machine Field implemented. Moreover, Families were required to enrich it every year. Because of this, the arsenal has undergone numerous expansions.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai wasn’t too hopeful about the arsenal. The Families certainly wouldn’t store valuable weapons and items here. They kept the good items for themselves.</p>

  <p>And just like what Zhao Hai thought, he saw nothing great upon entering the arsenal. The weapons can only be described as above average. This caused Zhao Hai to be somewhat disappointed.</p>

  <p>Fortunately, the arsenal doesn’t only have weapons. It also had plenty of ores and various resources. Seeing the unique ores inside, Zhao Hai talked to Xiong Li and the others and asked them to not choose a weapon and instead choose the ores. In turn, Zhao Hai would take care of their weapons for them.</p>

  <p>Naturally, Xiong Li and the others agreed. They were more confident in Zhao Hai’s weapons than the weapons inside the arsenal. Additionally, they weren’t looking for Machine Field weapons at this moment. After all, they were now practicing the Cultivation Realm’s methods. In this case, the weapons they needed to use were weapons from the Cultivation Realm. So under Zhao Hai’s request, Xiong Li and the others chose different ores to take. Zhao Hai also took some ores for himself.</p>

  <p>The choice made by Zhao Hai and the others caused other people to be confused. After all, the ores sent weren’t that valuable. And even if the ores were valuable, they still need a good weaponsmith to make them into weapons. Majority of people entering the arsenal wouldn’t choose ores.</p>

  <p>However, since this was what Zhao Hai and the others chose, nobody said anything. At this time, Zhao Hai introduced more than 20 new ores to the Space. This meant that he would be able to make more weapons and with greater quality as well.</p>

  <p>Besides entering the arsenal, Zhao Hai and the others were also rewarded with 10 million Machine Coins as well as the promised one thousandth of the income from the mines. To be honest, Zhao Hai didn’t really care much about these. Money was what Zhao Hai lacked the least.</p>

  <p>As for Yalei 2, this matter proceeded smoothly. Nobody wanted it and its price was also very low. And since it was Zhao Hai’s group, the Machine Field’s higher-ups decided to just give it to them. Moreover, they weren’t only given Yalei 2, but the surrounding planets as well. In other words, Zhao Hai and the others would also rule the area surrounding Yalei 2.</p>
</body>
</html>