<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 555: Cooperation(2)</h3>

  <p>The Beast King stared at Zhao Hai, he really cannot believe what he just heard. He knew that Zhao Hai was the sole producer of this Milk WIne in the Human domain. But if Zhao Hai can tell the Beastmen the method, then the Beastmen would be gaining very good benefits.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the Beast King’s expression and smiled, “I think that the Milk Wine the Beastmen produce actually tastes very good, but it cannot be stored for too long. I can process your Milk Wine and make them into this. What I’m thinking about was for the Beastmen to ferment the Wine and then sell them to me. After that I’ll be selling the processed wine to the mainland. What do you think?”</p>

  <p>The Beast King knitted his brows, to be honest, he didn’t like this approach. This was because the Beastmen wouldn’t gain a lot of benefits. But except for this method, Zhao Hai might not accept any other way.</p>

  <p>However, after thinking about it, the Beast King still felt relief. This method of turning normal Milk Wine to high quality Milk Wine was something that only Zhao Hai possessed. If Zhao Hai taught them for no reason, then that would be very suspicious.</p>

  <p>But even if Zhao Hai didn’t teach them the method, it doesn’t really matter. After all, Zhao Hai buying their Milk Wine would provide an income to a lot of Beastman households.</p>

  <p>The Beastmen herd Argali. And like any other beast, the Argali would eventually give birth. And along with that, they would produce milk. However, all of these milk couldn’t be entirely drank by the Beastmen. Therefore, they would transform the milk into other products such as Milk Wine, cheese, milk skin, and so on.</p>

  <p>But these products were still hard to preserve, especially in the Prairie. The Prairie’s environment can cause food to quickly spoil.</p>

  <p>Sometimes, Beastmen would just drink the milk as though they were water, which was really a waste. If Zhao Hai bought the milk, then it would certainly be beneficial to ordinary Beastmen.</p>

  <p>The Beast King nodded and said, “This is a good thing, but how do you plan to collect these Milk Wines? If they were left for a long time, then their taste would change. Once it changed flavor, do you still want to make them into your Milk Wine?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled, “This is something that I’d like to ask Your Majesty for help. I want to cooperate with some Beastmen, preferably the Big Tribes. I’ll ask them to collect those Milk Wines and then I’ll take them once every few days. What do you think about this?”</p>

  <p>The Beast King thought for a moment and nodded, “This is not an issue, it helps the Beastmen as well. But the Beastman Prairie is too large. Even if the tribes are willing to cooperate with you, are you able to pick them all up?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Your Majesty, did you forget? I have my Blood Hawks. I can use them as transport, greatly reducing travel time. I’ll take care of everything else as long as you can make those tribes work with me.”</p>

  <p>The Beast King nodded and said, “Alright, then it’s settled. I’ll help you and write an letter to those big tribes. When you have time, you can go to them and discuss your terms.”</p>

  <p>Zhao hai nodded, “Thanks a lot, Your Majesty. I’ll go visit them them as soon as possible.”</p>

  <p>The Beast King smiled and said, “You don’t need to be polite. This is also a good thing to us Beastmen. Moreover, I’m not afraid of you deceiving me. In fact even if you did, we wouldn’t be losing a lot. These things would sometimes just turn to waste. With your business, we would be able to turn these excess things into money. It’s definitely worth it.”</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai heard the Beast King, he couldn’t help but smile and said, “It would indeed be better if the Beastmen would gain some income, their lives would be a bit better. RIght, I can pay the Beastmen in three ways, first method is paying them with food and daily necessities. Another way is to pay them with gold and silver, they can use it to trade with other Human Merchants. The third is Magic Beasts, such as Argali. Naturally, I won’t be buying them in high price. I also ask His Majesty to explain it to them, I’m afraid that they won’t believe me.”</p>

  <p>The Beast King looked at ZHao Hai and forced a smile, “Not only them, even I might not believe it. If you tell me that you’d buy them in gold and silver, then I might believe you. But trading Milk Wine with Argali? I’m afraid that’s too good to be true. You must know that compared to Humans, we Beastmen regard Argali as much more valuable than grain.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I know, but Your Majesty can rest assured, I meant what I just said.”</p>

  <p>The Beast King nodded and then he smiled to Zhao Hai and said, “Alright, I’ll believe you. I’ll release word to the Prairie about this. You don’t need to worry.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “I’ll work on this as soon as possible.”</p>

  <p>The Beast King gave a nod, then he turned to the Tiger Guard and said, “Little Tiger, inform everyone that I’ll be having a meal with Mister Zhao Hai at noon. Make them prepare something delicious.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t stop the Beast King. Having a meal with the Beast King can also give him some advantages. He looked at the Beast King and said, “Your Majesty, I’m planning to see the Dwarven Race after a period of time. Therefore, I’ll leave the matters of the Prairie over to Ah Tai. If Your Majesty needs anything, you can just send word to Magic Lily store and inform him. He will then pass the message over to me.”</p>

  <p>The Beast King’s eyes shined as he said, “You want to go to the Dwarves? That’s fantastic. I heard that the Dwarves have a lot of similarities with the Beastmen. They also have contact with the Elves, so they shouldn’t be worrying about food. Zhao Hai, I only ask you for one thing. Can you help us get some ironware when you return? Not just weapons, but anything made from Iron would be great. The Beastmen really lacks a lot of iron.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and smiled, “The Dwarves make a lot of metallic items. I think that wouldn’t be a problem. Your Majesty can rest assured.”</p>

  <p>When the Beast King heard Zhao Hai, his expression immediately turned to happiness as he replied, “That’s great. I must thank you in advance. Alright, let’s leave and go to the dining room.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t decline and went to the dining room with the Beast King. And when they arrived Zhao Hai stared, didn’t expect the dining room to be another small building inside the Beast King Palace. This building has three stories, the first and second stories were places for the staff to eat while the topmost floor was dedicated for the Beast King.</p>

  <p>This made Zhao Hai feel new and strange. The Beast King was really very different compared to the Human monarchs. For example, when the Rosen Emperor eats a meal, he would do it in special place, it was impossible for other people to eat there. &#160;The only exception was when the Emperor allowed that person to dine there. But in the Beast King Palace, the Beast King actually dines in the same place as the others.</p>

  <p>When they arrived at the dining room, some Fox Beastmen immediately served them several milk products. Naturally, all of these are just side dishes. The main dish was of course the meat.</p>

  <p>While Zhao Hai and the Beast King were eating, they discussed the details of the Milk Wine transaction. The discussion was even carried over after their meal. It was evident that the Beast King was very enthusiastic about this cooperation.</p>

  <p>After leaving the Beast King Palace, Zhao Hai immediately returned to Magic Lily Shop. But after arriving in front of the shop, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare. The state of the shop was much more different compared to yesterday’s desolate atmosphere. Currently, the shop was very lively, a lot of Beastmen were encircling the shop and being noisy.</p>

  <p>After listening for a while, Zhao Hai understood what was going on. Ah Tai must have already spread their intent to buy those things that were useless to the Beastmen. The Beastmen were now discussing with Ah Tai about the price of their trade.</p>

  <p>These people weren’t representing themselves, but instead their own tribes. Therefore, they didn’t bring anything along with them, but it was certain that the volume wouldn’t be very small.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t mind it, Ah Tai can deal with this situation by himself. Therefore, he returned to his tent at the back along with Shue and Shun. After entering the tent, Zhao Hai immediately went to the Space and discussed his Milk Wine cooperation with the Beastmen to Laura and the others.</p>

  <p>When Laura heard Zhao Hai, she couldn’t help but knit her brows and said, “Brother Hai, this is indeed a great idea. But with this, our prices in the hotel would be lowered. Also, our wineries aren’t fully built as well. I’m afraid we won’t be able to get any profits in the short-term.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I know. But in fact, it’s very simple to process Milk Wine. As long as we have more apparatus for distillation, everything will be okay. We’ve been doing things wrong since the beginning. We have the Processing Machine, we can just produce some more efficient distillation equipment. Not only could it enhance the flavor, it’s output was much higher as well. And don’t forget, although the Beastmen can produce Milk Wine, a majority of them used Argali milk. Even if Argali milk tastes good, it couldn’t compare to the cow milk that we use. Therefore, our own Milk Wine would still taste much better. When we sell the Beastmen’s milk wine, we can just label it as a common liquor, while we advertise our Milk Wine as high end versions. With this contrast, we can still manage to get substantial income from this business.”</p>

  <p>As soon as Laura and the others heard Zhao Hai, their eyes couldn’t help but light up. They had experienced how magical the Processing Machine was. As long as they know what they want, then the Processing Machine can certainly make it. They couldn’t think of anything that the Processing Machine can’t make. Therefore, Zhao Hai’s idea was very reasonable.</p>

  <p>At the same time, outsiders aren’t able to observe what happens inside the Black Wasteland. So this method was indeed feasible.</p>

  <p>Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Alright, then there’s no problem. Now that we got our &#160;trade network, selling them out wouldn’t be a problem. Brother Hai, we must carry this out as soon as possible. Not only would it make the Beastman comfortable, it can also bring a lot more benefits to our Buda Clan.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy nodded and said, “Big Brother Hai, i think that we should also inform Third Brother about this. After all, most of our sales involve wholesale, we need to rely on others with regards to retail business.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “We don’t need to worry about this for now. We need to first establish a receiving network inside the Prairie. After that, it wouldn’t be too late to discuss things with Third Brother. Moreover, for the system of receiving goods, I already have someone in mind.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy stared in confusion as she asked, “Someone? Who is that? We already have our Blood Hawks, we don’t need to cooperate with another person.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “The Beastman Prairie is too big. Moreover, I don’t want to bring attention to the amount of Blood Hawks that I have. Therefore, I wanted to cooperate with the Hawk Beastmen. Although they cannot fly as far, short distances wouldn’t be a problem. They can help us concentrate the supply from some small tribes to the big tribes. It would be much more convenient for us to collect it with that method. And if we cooperate with the Hawk Beastmen, it would be equal to tying them with our business. For us, this is definitely a good choice.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded and said, “I agree with Brother Hai’s words. The Hawk Race is also a big Warring Race. The placement of the tribes is very broad, and their status among the Beastmen is high as well. We must ask for the Beast King’s help in convincing the Hawk Race to help us. At the same time, this cooperation would bring benefits to them as well, so they definitely won’t decline. The Markey Family has some relationship with the Golden Ringed Hawks from before, we can approach them for this matter.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he smiled faintly and said, “As long as this thing goes through, I think the friendship flags of the Tiger and Hawk Race would be in our hands soon. When that happens, our Buda Clan’s reputation in the Prairie would be increased. This would be very good for our future plans in the Prairie.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded, “Although we have a lot of business there, we don’t have a lot of partnerships with the big Warring Tribes, we only have Dogs and Black Bears. If we want to dominate the entire grain market of the Prairie, gaining a lot of partnerships would be the most important thing for us to do.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Big Brother Hai, when do you plan on visiting the Hawk Tribe?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I’ll go visit them two days after the Beast King spreads the word of our Milk Wine cooperation. When that time comes, it wouldn’t be too late for me to visit them.”</p>

  <p>Megan looked at Zhao Hai and shifted the topic, “Elder Brother Hai, do you really want the Dwarves to make some weapons for the Beastmen? What if they attack the Humans?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai sighed, then he replied, “It really depends. If the Beastmen are really willing to attack the Humans, they wouldn’t even need weapons in order to do so. But if they don’t want to attack, even if they have good weapons, they still wouldn’t do so.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded and said, “Things are still arbitrary. After all. we still don’t know the situation with the Dwarves. But if the Beast King says that they have a relationship with the Elves, then it is possibly so. As long as we get in touch with the Elves as well, then the benefits to us would be very big.”</p>

  <p>The people present knew what Laura meant. They needed a lot of things to upgrade the Space, and they didn’t have the means to do so right now. Therefore, they can only get the materials from the Elven Forests in order to progress.</p>

  <p>The Elven Forest was recognized as the most mystical place that was inhabited by an intelligent race. It’s mysteriousness wasn’t any worse than the Carrion Swamp. And from the previous contacts with the Elves, it was said that the forest contained a lot of strange flowers and plants. And it was precisely those things that managed to get Zhao Hai’s attention.</p>
</body>
</html>