<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 448: Dark Soldier Fort</h3>

  <p>In the living room, after everyone was seated, Charlie smiled to Zhao Hai and said, “Why did you come this time? RIght, I’ve heard about what you did in Purcell Duchy, hahaha. Very good. With your reputation, there’ll nobody in the continent who would dare underestimate you even if you’re still a Count. Right, I was actually thinking of giving you a higher title in Rosen Empire.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knows that Great Nobles have a lot of titles in various empires, they may even have territories on those empires. This matter wasn’t rare, so Charlie’s offer was understandable. After all, even if the Buda Clan was a Count in Aksu Empire, their territory was in the Black Wasteland, something people can consider as having no territory at all.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Then I’ll have to give my thanks to Your Highness. Right, there’s a gift that Trezebo sent for me to give you. Please accept it.” Then he placed the Pure Iron Robe on the table.</p>

  <p>Charlie looked at the Pure Iron Armor and nodded, he already received word about it from Trezebo, so he already knew the background of this matter, making him quite calm when seeing it.</p>

  <p>Charlie also knew that Trezebo meant to give the Armor to Zhao Hai but Zhao Hai didn’t accept it. Thinking about that, Charlie looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, you can take this robe.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Your Highness, I have no use for this robe. You should keep it for yourself. Right, I’ve also prepared a gift this time. There’s some seafood here, I picked them out myself, they’re much better than those we sell.”</p>

  <p>Charlie also knew about this matter, he smiled and said, “Alright, I’ll be impolite then, but those seafood are really welcome. The marine products that you’ve brought out last time really gave us huge profits, Little Hai, I really need to express my gratitude to you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Your Highness is too polite, it wasn’t only you who profited so much, I also did get lots of money. I came this time to greet His Highness for God’s Grace Day in advance since all of us would be very busy later. After the new year, our liquor will be available for market. At the same time, my business with the Beastmen would begin. I hope Your Highness has prepared yourself as well. We don’t want too much confusion, or else Your Highness will be losing money.”</p>

  <p>Charlie laughed and said, “Rest assure, I can guarantee that there will be no problems. How could I possibly let the possibility of losing money happen to me?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he looked at the skies and said, “Your Highness, I should be leaving for the Calci Family. After all, I’ve only just arrived, it won’t be too good If I take too long in giving my greetings. When I find some free time, i’ll be visiting you again and have a meal together.”</p>

  <p>Charlie smiled and said, “Alright, I know about how busy you are. You’re welcome here at all times.” Then Zhao Hai nodded and walked outside along with Megan and the others.</p>

  <p>Charlie escorted Zhao Hai towards his carriage as well as having a team of Knights guide him towards Dark Soldier Fort. The Calci Family was a Great Clan of the Rosen Empire, but their main residence was actually not inside the city, but on a small mountain outside. Their residence was on a place called Dark Mountain, and the castle that they built there was called Dark Soldier Fort. The Calci Family actually had a small mansion inside Carson City, but that was mostly occupied by servants and extended families. The core of the Calci Family all congregate and live inside Dark Soldier Fort.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and the others had to ride their carriage from Carson City towards Dark Soldier Fort. But fortunately, the fort wasn’t that far from the city, it only takes a bit more than an hour to arrive there.</p>

  <p>While on the way, Zhao Hai noticed the many castles constructed on the mountains surrounding Carson City. All of those who resided on those castles were Old established Nobles of the Rosen Empire. These castles was also the first line defense of the capital. If one wanted to attack Carson City, they still need to break this line of defense.</p>

  <p>Moreover, there was also a symbolic meaning to this arrangement. Because of their close vicinity to the capital, any of those nobles can also quickly amass an army and occupy the city and overthrow the current monarch. Because of this, those who resided on the mountains outside the Capital were seen as the most loyal vassals of the crown.</p>

  <p>Dark Soldier Fort was built on the summit of Dark Mountain. Connecting the foot of the mountain and the summit was a cyan stone road. Its width was about ten meters. The mountain also had a lot of trees, and with how old some of the trees here were, one could see the mystery and elegance in the way they obscure the view towards Dark Soldier Fort.</p>

  <p>In front of the road to the mountain was a bar blocking entry with a small house beside it. The house was meant to receive and list the guests.</p>

  <p>Two servants went out of the small house and removed the bar to the entrance just as Zhao Hai’s carriage arrived. Apparently, they already received word about Zhao Hai’s arrival, they stood respectfully at the side and let Zhao Hai’s carriage pass through.</p>

  <p>The team of Knights that Charlie sent left after delivering Zhao Hai to the foot of the mountain. They also knew that there were another team of Knights that would escort Zhao Hai towards the summit of the mountain. Since the members of the Calci Family still needed to get to the capital and back needed escorts, a team of Knights were always present on the family’s mansion inside Carson City.</p>

  <p>Under the escort of the Knights, Zhao Hai’s carriage quickly arrived outside Dark Soldier Fort. Upon arriving there, Zhao Hai was quite shocked. This was because the fort looks like Iron Mountain Fort. The only main difference between the two of them was that Iron Mountain Fort was constructed on Iron Mountain while Dark Soldier Fort was constructed on Dark Mountain.</p>

  <p>What can be seen outside the fort was a moat as well as walls, clearly showing that the place was very ready for war and was not meant to look good.</p>

  <p>At this moment, the big gate to the fort was opened. Two heavy armored soldiers were seen in front of the gate as well as an old man. The old man wore a housekeeper’s robe. Although he was already quite old, he still held a straight body as well as a strong temperament.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai and the others went out of the carriage, Megan immediately rushed to the old man and said, “Grandpa Gan, why did you come out personally? Is it alright for you to specially come and see us?”</p>

  <p>A smile arose from the serious face of the old man, he looked at Megan and said, “Little Megan has come back, of course I’ll go meet you. Otherwise, you might think that I don’t love you anymore.”</p>

  <p>Although the man wore housekeeper’s clothes, he was very casual when talking to Megan, he didn’t follow customs at all. On the contrary, he acts like he was Megan’s senior.</p>

  <p>Megan had also become accustomed to the old man’s way of talking and didn’t’ mind it at all. Instead she took at the old man’s arm in a spoiled manner and said, “But do you really love me? If you don’t, I’ll go on and tell Grandma.”</p>

  <p>Gansu smiled and didn’t say anything more. He turned his head to look at Zhao Hai as Zhao Hai was inspecting the old man’s appearance. He saw that Megan had a good relationship with this man and knew that he couldn’t be ignored, so Zhao immediately gave a bow to Gansu and said, “Zhao Hai has met Grandpa Gan.”</p>

  <p>Gansu sized up Zhao Hai and nodded, “Alright, young man, I’ve heard about all things that you’ve done, you’re very good. You’ve done them well and beautifully. I actually dislike that boy Juwan. And I also agree that those Radiant Church really think of themselves as god while dipping their hands into a lot of people’s businesses. Good thing you’ve made a big hit on them, so satisfying, hahaha.”</p>

  <p>The old man’s words made Zhao Hai unable to speak anything. For this housekeeper to criticize Juwan, this gave Zhao Hai a vague idea about this old man’s identity and status. It seems like this old man wasn’t an ordinary housekeeper.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and replied, “I was forced that time, I wanted to live peacefully but they didn’t want that. They just wouldn’t let me go, so I could only rise up and resist.”</p>

  <p>The old man laughed and said, “Boy, you speak the truth. Let’s go, the family members are waiting for you.” Then he lead the group into the fort.</p>

  <p>This castle was divided into three sections, the soldier’s area, the servant’s area, and then the main area. The group entered the main area of the castle.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai and the others were entering the courtyard, a person came along with a carriage. This carriage was specially meant to receive guests who arrived at Dark Soldier Fort. One must leave their personal carriage outside the fort and ride a specially prepared carriage to enter it. This was an old custom of the family, and it has stayed to this very day.</p>

  <p>The carriage that the family had was very big, its interior decorations were also luxurious. Zhao Hai’s carriage simply cannot be compared to this. Moreover, the carriage has space for many people, one simply couldn’t feel that they were being packed inside.</p>

  <p>Gansu looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, you must prepare yourself. Elders from the family are waiting for you in the living room, Juwan is present as well. The losses that guy suffered was all because of you, he will certainly give you some troubles. Make sure to be mentally prepared.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai faintly smiled and asid, “Grandpa Gan, rest assured, there won’t be any problems. After all, he is Megan’s fifth uncle, so he’s also my elder. I’ll never go too far, you don’t need to worry.”</p>

  <p>Gansu looked at Zhao Hai and nodded, he was very satisfied with the young man. He wasn’t soft but he wasn’t dry either. He was very polite, and was respectful to his elders.</p>

  <p>Gansu didn’t know that deep within Zhao Hai’s bones were very traditional Chinese teachings. The Chinese heavily respects their elders. Respecting the elderly while loving the young were traditional virtues of the Chinese people. This was the type of teachings that Zhao Hai grew up on, thus the reason why he gave his utmost respect to Gansu. Naturally, if you’re old, but you’re very disrespectful, Zhao Hai wouldn’t’ tolerate it.</p>

  <p>They aren’t arrogant, but they are proud. Zhao Hai was exactly like this, he will not look down on anyone but if someone looks down on him, he will not be respectful and polite anymore.</p>

  <p>The carriage slowly moved on. The carriage had little vibrations, but Zhao Hai was still quite nervous. After all, he was still facing the core of a Great Family. Zhao Hai hasn’t experienced this kind of thing ever.</p>
</body>
</html>