<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1033: Flood Dragon</h3>

  <p>This pressure belonged to a type of spiritual attack, mostly from high-ranked Experts. It can also be used by low-ranking beings, but this was only possible if they had an innate talent. These include the Dragons from the Ark Continent. However, this kind of pressure was almost useless in front of Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>However, the pressure this time was different. This time, Zhao Hai can actually feel it. One should know that Zhao Hai had long surpassed the strength he had back in the Ark Continent. In this case, feeling this pressure meant that the Snake King wasn’t an ordinary foe.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stopped and focused on what was in front of him. Although his spiritual force can sweep towards the enemy, the other party had wrapped themselves up with their own spiritual force. Because of this, Zhao Hai couldn’t see what he wanted to see.</p>

  <p>The Snake King got closer and closer to Zhao Hai. 500 meters, 100 meters, and before long the two parties met eye to eye.&#160;</p>

  <p>The Soul Snake King was forced to stop. He didn’t expect to see a human being here. He expected another high-ranked magic beast causing trouble, not a human.</p>

  <p>At the same time, Zhao Hai was also shocked. The Soul Snake King in front of him was about a hundred meters long. The thickness of its grey scales was very evident. What surprised Zhao Hai the most was the fact that there was a pair of horns growing on top of the snake’s head. It was clearly a Flood Dragon!</p>

  <p>A Flood Dragon wasn’t a Dragon, it was something that has yet to become one. But meeting a Flood Dragon here truly surprised Zhao Hai!</p>

  <p>At this moment, Zhao Hai calmed himself down. The Flood Dragon also stopped. Zhao Hai inspected the creature in front of him. It was truly a huge flood dragon.</p>

  <p>While Zhao Hai was inspecting the flood dragon, the flood dragon was also sizing Zhao Hai up. After scanning Zhao Hai with his spiritual force for some time, a voice was suddenly transmitted to Zhao Hai’s mind, “Who are you? Why did you come here?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, then he quickly understood that the snake king was talking to him. However, this was a spiritual force communication. To people with their level of strength, communicating using this method was quite normal.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai replied, “I have seen the Snake King, this one is Zhao Hai.”</p>

  <p>The huge snake slowly approached Zhao Hai, then it said, “You still haven’t told me why you came here.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “The Underworld will be my domain in the future. And this place will be mine as well. I don’t need a reason to come here.”</p>

  <p>Rampant, too rampant. Zhao Hai’s words were too overbearing, to the point where the Snake King was given a shock. The Snake King went closer towards Zhao Hai before its mouth opened, releasing a bellow of spiritual force. It seems like Zhao Hai’s words had angered him.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t move and just countered the spiritual force, steadily defending.&#160;</p>

  <p>The Snake King discovered that his spiritual force wasn’t able to affect the man in front of him. But since he was close enough to Zhao Hai, he began to spit out a blood red poisonous mist.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai finally made a move. He waved his hand, making a spatial rift appear that sucked the poisonous mist in. Then Zhao Hai waved his hand once more as he took a huge red hammer out and attacked the Snake King.</p>

  <p>The Snake King was truly worthy of its title. Although Zhao Hai’s spatial rift gave it a shock, it quickly recovered. Its body curved as its tail met with Zhao Hai’s hammer.</p>

  <p>Boom! The hammer was repelled by the Snake King’s tail. However, the Snake King also let out a painful roar. He didn’t expect Zhao Hai’s attack to be so strong, a few of its scales had actually been peeled off.</p>

  <p>But at the same time, Zhao Hai didn’t expect the Snake King’s scale to be so hard. He used his blood ghost staff and turned it into a hammer, but it only crushed a few of the Snake King’s scales. It failed to cause huge damage to the snake’s body.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai quickly changed his weapon into a giant sickle before swinging it towards the Snake King. The Snake King wouldn’t dare underestimate Zhao Hai’s weapon again. He just ate some damage thanks to his negligence.</p>

  <p>The Snake King curled up before rolling out. But this time, a spatial rift suddenly appeared in front of it. This curled up ball happen to be heading towards the spatial rift.</p>

  <p>But the Snake King was able to react fast. When its head entered the spatial rift, it immediately sensed that something was wrong. Therefore, it smashed its tail down, intending to drag itself out of the rift.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai used this opportunity to make a move. His sickle forked the Snake King’s body and pushed it towards the Space. On the other hand, the Snake King didn’t admit defeat, its tail was still firmly anchored outside, refusing to enter the Space.</p>

  <p>But it was already too late. Zhao Hai’s figure moved and entered the Space. After that, the handle of the sickle turned into chains. With the sickle firmly stuck in place, Zhao Hai wound the chain around the Snake King before giving a strong tug, bringing the soul snake into the Space.</p>

  <p>The entire process might seem to take a long time, but the entire process was actually very quick. Zhao Hai and the Flood Dragon only fought for a few rounds before Zhao Hai set up a trap to capture the snake into the Space.</p>

  <p>As the Snake King entered the Space, a prompt was immediately heard, “Flood Dragon-type being detected. Subduing. Subjugation completed. Flood dragons are improved version of snake-type beings. Host may now purchase flood dragons from the Space’s shop.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai paused, he didn’t expect the Space to reach the same identification as him. It seems like the Snake King was truly on its way to becoming a Dragon.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai let out a long breath. He had the Space heal the Snake King before he called it over. It didn’t take long before the enormous Snake King appeared in front of Zhao hai.</p>

  <p>When the Snake King arrived, it immediately sent a spiritual wave, “I have seen the Young Master. Does the Young Master have any commands?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai replied, “How did you turn into your current appearance? Is it only by cultivation?”</p>

  <p>The Snake King nodded and said, “Yes, Young Master. But I also ate some plants. These plants increase my life force and also my internal energy.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, then his figure teleported to the bone fields, bringing the Snake King along with him. Zhao Hai gestured towards the plants in the field and said, “Which of these plants did you consume?”</p>

  <p>The Snake King pointed to a few plants using its tail. However, the Snake King didn’t point to any of the bone plants. Zhao Hai looked at the plants and nodded. Then he had Cai’er take note of those plants, they should be good in evolving snakes.</p>

  <p>Even so, Zhao Hai was disappointed that the Snake King didn’t point at the bone plants. He pointed to the bone plants and said, “How about this plant? Do you eat these things?”</p>

  <p>The Snake King nodded and said, “Replying to the Young Master. Some ate it, but not me. This plant has no use for us. After eating this plant, it wouldn’t increase our life force nor did it increase our energy. When a soul snake that ate this plant dies, they completely lose their fiery souls. Their body would also disappear, only leaving a piece of bone or two. Because of this, we always regarded these plants as ominous.”</p>

  <p>The Snake King’s words made Zhao Hai’s eyes shine. The scenario that the Snake King described was the same description that the Gibbon Brothers said. The only surviving evidence of the soul snake that the brothers killed were two fangs. If this was really the case, then Zhao Hai finally had an idea on how to use the bone plants.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai immediately replied, “Did you collect the bones left behind by those snakes?”</p>

  <p>Although the Snake Kind didn’t know why Zhao Hai was asking this question, he could feel that it was important for Zhao Hai. Therefore, it quickly answered, “We’ve kept their bones. But since we see them as dangerous, we kept them inside a mountain, far away from the place we live in.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Lead me to take a look.” After he said that, Zhao Hai waved his hand as they returned to the Snake King’s domain. Then the Snake King brought Zhao Hai to a bone mountain. There was a cavern on the side of this mountain. The cavern wasn’t very big nor was it deep into the mountain. However, there were bones stored inside. Each one of these bones looked like crystals, they shone despite the relative darkness of the place.</p>

  <p>These bones didn’t only include soul snake fangs, there were also bones from other parts of their body. Zhao Hai also saw a well-preserved snakehead. Naturally, the head was small. There were also scales present, one of them looked very special since it was the size of a palm.</p>

  <p>The Snake King turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, the bones are in here.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he released his spiritual force to scan through this pile of bones. After a short inspection, Zhao Hai can affirm that all of these bones were soul weapons!</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai rejoiced. He finally discovered the use of bone plants. This made it possible for him to make beasts that produce soul weapons. Although Zhao Hai didn’t know the purpose of these bones once they become soul weapons, he was certain that they would have great uses.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai thought about it and decided to call them soul bones. He waved his hand to take all of the soul bones before he turned to the Snake King and said, “You stay here. But remember, if you discover more of these bones in the future, make sure to collect them for me. It doesn’t matter if it came from soul snakes or other beasts.”</p>

  <p>The Snake King nodded. Then Zhao Hai’s figure flashed back into the Space.</p>

  <p>…………………………………….</p>

  <p>Author’s Note:</p>

  <p>I know that the readers reading this chapter would think that Flood Dragons are too weak. But don’t worry, this is a flood dragon that grew in the Underworld, not in the Cultivation Realm. Therefore, it wasn’t very strong. After Zhao Hai goes to the Cultivation Realm, these things would be further explained. Please don’t worry about it!</p>
</body>
</html>