<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 701: Who To Promote First?</h3>

  <p>While Zhao Hai and Berry united their marriage, Zhao Hai suddenly felt a huge suction force that was unexpectedly coming from Berry. Although Zhao Hai was not affected too much by it, he also discovered that it was already impossible for him to withdraw.</p>

  <p>When he felt that his body’s energy was almost absorbed, a sudden force suddenly rushed into him. This force was very powerful, and it was quite warm as well. Once it entered Zhao Hai’s body, it slowly integrated into him. Zhao Hai discovered that this strength was even stronger than what was absorbed, and it seemed to be purer than before.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but make a surprised expression at Berry. Betry currently had her eyes closed while her hair was slowly waving around on its own. Then suddenly, Berry’s eyes emitted a strong glare, making Zhao Hai close his eyes immediately. When he opened his eyes, Zhao Hai was quick to notice crystal on Berry’s forehead. The crystal looks like a kind of diamond, it was radiating blue light, it was beautiful.</p>

  <p>Without knowing, Zhao Hai suddenly kissed the crystal. This action made Berry’s body tremble lightly. When Berry’s eyes recovered, she looked at Zhao Hai in a much more charming gaze.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai kissed the crystal again, eliciting another reaction from Berry. Zhao Hai was elated to find this new toy to play around with. He teased the crystal constantly as Berry made moans again and again. It didn’t take too long for another round of ‘playtime’ began.</p>

  <p>At this point, Zhao Hai was currently on the bed with Berry lying on his chest, breathing heavily. She looked up at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, I’ve really became God-rank.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai chuckled and said, “I know. I really didn’t think that your Succubus Race would have such an astonishing ability. It’s quite amazing.”</p>

  <p>Berry made a charming pout as she said, “How could it be that easy? Although our race has a rule of marrying anyone who resisted our mental attack, complying with the rule and accepting it are two different matters. If we felt compelled to marry the other person because of the rule, even if we can still get stronger, the boost wouldn’t be that much. On the other hand, if we are really willing to marry the other party, then the improvement that we get would be extremely large.”</p>

  <p>When he heard Berry, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile and said, “So you’re saying that you really are sincere in marrying me? Hahaha. It seems like I’m quite the attractive man.”</p>

  <p>Berry couldn’t help but lightly hit Zhao Hai. At this point, Zhao Hai suddenly turned over and carried Berry’s body, much to the latter’s surprise. Then Zhao hai smiled faintly and said, “Let’s go take a bath.” Then he continued to carry Berry towards the bathroom.</p>

  <p>Each room in the villa had its own bathroom, in addition to the communal one in the basement. Moreover, the individual bathrooms weren’t small. Inside them were huge bathtubs filled with water from the hot spring.</p>

  <p>After the two had taken their bath, they returned to the bed and had a good rest. As soon as they woke up, Zhao Hai and Berry put their clothes on before going out into the living room. Upon arriving there, the two of them saw Lizzy and the others looking at Demon City’s situation in the monitor.</p>

  <p>When the group saw Zhao Hai and Berry coming out of the room, they looked at each other with sly expressions. Megan even examined Berry’s skin as she said, “Congratulations, Sister Berry. It seems like you have been promoted to God-rank.”</p>

  <p>Berry’s face went red as she faced Megan, she kept her head down and was too embarrassed to talk. Megan looked at Berry and couldn’t help but chuckle, “Sister Berry, there’s no need to be shy. After all, all of us are Brother Hai’s wives. It’s fine.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai turned to the nearby dim-faced Ruyen, then he smiled faintly and said, “That’s good. Now, how is the outside situation been? Did something happen?” Then he proceeded to the center of the living room and sat beside Ruyen.</p>

  <p>Ruyen couldn’t help but stare at Zhao Hai, then her complexion turned red as she lowered her head down. At this time, Lizzy turned to Zhao Hai and smiled, “There’s no significant development. The Demons are still building their city. On the other hand, the Dwarves are truly formidable. They had already made a tunnel and had concealed its entrance. One couldn’t just spot it without proper guidance.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and replied, “They had been doing this for many years, so its natural that they are very skilled in this aspect. The only thing that is left to do is to resist the Demons. Also, we need to take a look at how the Divine Race responds.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy frowned as she said, “There aren’t any actions from the Divine Race’s side. Who knows what wicked plots they are currently making. Big Brother Hai, how much people do you think the Divine Race would send down?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I can’t really say. However, I’m quite sure that they’ll be sending God-ranked experts. They already have experience in sending one to the Ark Continent, therefore, they should have already developed ways in order to make them stay for a longer period of time.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Lizzy’s expression turned worse, with a troubled voice she replied, “If that really happens, then we would be facing hard times ahead.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, but he still smiled and said, “I don’t think our troubles would be that heavy. Don’t forget, the Demons had appeared too suddenly. Therefore, it shouldn’t be only us who were caught off-guard, the Divine Race should be in the same situation as well. They were only planning to deal with us, but now that the Demons have appeared, I’m quite sure that they just wouldn’t ignore it. After all, the combat prowess of the Demons isn’t something that can just be ignored. For us, the sooner the Divine Race appeared, the better.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy sighed and said, “I sure hope so.”</p>

  <p>At this time, footsteps can be heard before Laura, Meg, and Ni’er appeared. It was evident on their faces that they were tired and weary. Zhao Hai quickly stood up as he approached them and said, “How have you been doing? Are you tired? If so, then don’t hesitate to take a rest. You shouldn’t overexert yourselves.”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and said, “We’re fine. You don’t need to worry about us. Right, what were you talking about?”</p>

  <p>After having the three sit down, Zhao Hai answered, “We were just talking about the Divine Race. There aren’t any movements that can be seen from their side. We suspect that they might be waiting for us and the Demons to give each other some mutual wounds. However, i reckon that if we manage to hold the Demons off long enough inside the Buddha Empire, then they might change their sights towards the Radiant Church. At that time, the Divine Race would be compelled to make a move.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded, then she said, “In fact, there’s another way. If the Demons really don’t intend to go to the Radiant Church, then we can just attack the Radiant Church ourselves. I think the Divine Race would similarly be pushed to take action.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, he had overlooked this point. His eyes couldn’t help but shine at Laura’s suggestion as he said, “Right, right, that’s a good idea. If the Divine Race really wants to wait, then we’ll take the fight to them.”</p>

  <p>Then he looked at Laura and said, “Alright, you don’t need to worry about these matters anymore, you go take a nice bath and rest. Meg, Ni’er, you do the same as well. There wouldn’t be to much actions in the following days, so you can just relax yourselves.”</p>

  <p>The three nodded with a smile, then they turned around to leave. After seeing them leave, Zhao Hai turned his gaze towards the monitor. There really weren’t any significant events happening right now, everybody was conserving their strengths, the undead were just like statues as they stood motionless on the field.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai sighed, then he turned his head to Lizzy and the others, “You take a rest as well. I’ll be heading back to Demon City to catch up on the Dwarves. Also, it seems like the Elves would be coming soon, I’ll be needed in greeting them into Demon City.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy nodded, then she looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, you must be very careful. I’m afraid the experts of the Demon Race wouldn’t just let you off so easily. After being in contact with you for twice now, I reckon that they already have a vague idea of your abilities and methods. They will surely use that against you in the future.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Rest assured, there won’t be any problems. After all, Berry is with me, and she is a God-rank expert as well. With two God-ranked experts, I think there won’t be a lot of things that would place us in a dangerous position. Right, I have one last thing to discuss. At this moment, the plants in the Space can only promote a single person into God-rank. Who do you think we should promote first?”</p>

  <p>Lizzy thought for a moment before she said, “Shue, Brother Hai, Shue should be the first one to be God-rank. Don’t forget, Shue is a Divergent Ability user. If his clones can have God-ranked strength, then it would be a huge benefit for our fights in the future.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, then he quickly remembered that Shue was indeed a divergent ability user. If he rose to God-rank, then wouldn’t his clones be God-ranked as well? If his clones do indeed become God-rank, then they wouldn’t need to fear anyone in the future. Also, if his clones can’t be promoted, then at the very least they would be the most outstanding 9th ranks in the field, they shouldn’t be vastly weaker than general God-ranked experts.”</p>

  <p>After thinking about it, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but repeatedly nod as he said, “Right, Shue is indeed a good choice. That fellow has been very busy in the Black Wasteland, it seems like its time to bring him back to the Space.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy smiled and said, “It’s true that the Black Wasteland was too busy before, but now, most things have already been taken care of. It should be fine to have him exit for a short while. I’ll have Cai’er inform him later and have his tasks handed over to someone else.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “The Black Wasteland has indeed been very busy. After all, settling massive amounts of people isn’t that easy. However, our people are already well coordinated. Moreover, the commodities have already been prepared, so settling people shouldn’t take too much time. Also, Blockhead and Rockhead are there as well as our first batch of slaves, they should be able to manage things properly. It shouldn’t be a huge issue if Shue were to leave. ”</p>

  <p>Lizzy nodded, then she stood up and said, “Brother Hai, let’s first make that potion and then have Cai’er call Shue over. It would be good if we take care of this matter as soon as possible.”</p>
</body>
</html>