<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1278: The Brothers Get Together</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai returned to the Space after sending Barlett and the others off. Laura and the others were currently on their computers. They were looking for appropriate planets to choose. As it turns out, these unwanted planets were put up for sale at fairly low prices. However, no one bought them. Operating such planets would need high investments. And even if great efforts were made, the planets could only produce fruits and plant products. There weren’t many profits to them at all. Unless made for human habitation, there was no point to developing these planets.</p>

  <p>In this case, why would anyone buy them? In the eyes of the families, they might as well use the money to make more battleships. The more battleships you have, the more power you can use, and the more benefits you can fight for.</p>

  <p>Because of this, Zhao Hai was assured that nobody would complain if he were to take one of these planets for himself. They might even be happy if he were to take them all off of their hands.</p>

  <p>When Laura and the others saw that Zhao Hai had arrived, they immediately waved towards him to come over. Zhao Hai walked over in front of a large screen. Displayed on the screen was a star map of the entire Machine Field. Most planets and meteorites were shown with white dots. These white dots were the uninhabitable planets. There were also meteorites and planets that were red, which indicated that people were living in them. And then there were more than 300 meteorites and planets that were green, these were the planets that nobody wanted.[1]</p>

  <p>As he scanned the star map, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but get stunned. He said, “The Machine Field has so many unclaimed habitable planets? I didn’t expect that.”</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai also noticed that these planets were on the edge of the Machine Field – on the side far from the Cultivation Realm. Looking at this setup, Zhao Hai had a realization. Since these planets were in the outskirts of the Machine Field, and even far from the Cultivation Realm, it was natural that the Machine Field wouldn’t expand towards them. If these planets were close to the Cultivation Realm, then even if their environments weren’t good, people would still fight madly for them. This was because these planets could be used as stopover stations for supplies and commodities going to and from the Cultivation Realm.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai sat on the sofa as he turned his head to Laura and said, “Have you settled on which planet to choose?”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and then she pointed towards the large screen. A red circle appeared on the screen, a planet in the middle of it.</p>

  <p>This place was very far from the center of the Machine Field. It was also near to a meteorite belt. And in the vicinity of the planet were six white colored dots. It seems like these were the planet’s moons.</p>

  <p>The screen quickly changed its image, allowing Zhao Hai to have a careful look on the planet. From the star map, this planet was called Yalei 2. It was separated from the Machine Field by the meteorite belt. This meteorite belt wasn’t very dangerous, but it still blocked large-scale ships from passing through it. The planet had six moons, named Ave 1 to 6. It was clear that this planet wasn’t very popular judging by how simple its name was.</p>

  <p>Then on the side of the screen was an introduction to Yalei 2. This planet can only be defined as a waste planet. The planet’s ratio between land to water was four to six. Land accounts for 4 while the oceans account for 6.</p>

  <p>It must be said that the land of Yalei 2 was very huge. But because it was quite distant from any stars, the temperature of the planet was lower than normal. In the planet’s land, besides moss, there were extremely few plants that grew. Moreover, the planet’s seawater was too salty, completely incapable of nurturing life. Therefore, the planet’s entire ocean was like the Dead Sea. A person could float on its surface without even moving.</p>

  <p>The Machine Field appraised Yalei 2 as a planet that’s not suitable for human housing. Only people with strong physique could survive in this place. But even if someone wanted to invest in developing this planet, doing so would be close to impossible because the planet couldn’t be reached with large-sized ships. Therefore, nobody wanted the planet. Its price was also astonishingly low. One could buy the planet for as low as seven million machine coins. In the Machine Field, seven million machine coins amounted to a single small battleship. It can be said that the planet was priced the same as a small ship.</p>

  <p>But even though it was dirt cheap, nobody bought it. In their minds, at least a small ship had some uses compared to the waste planet.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai understood Laura’s intention upon seeing the planet. Yalei 2 was indeed suitable for him. First of all, Zhao Hai wasn’t worried about the planet’s environment. There were plenty of plants in the Space that could emit heat. Once they’re planted on the planet, it wouldn’t be long before the planet’s temperature rose. And as long as the temperature rises, icebergs frozen for thousands of years would melt, diluting the ocean water. This will reduce the water’s salt content, allowing for animals to live in it.</p>

  <p>Although Yalei 2 was far from a star, this doesn’t mean that it doesn’t receive light. Plants could still perform photosynthesis with the amount of light hitting the planet. And the increasing temperature would only benefit plants on the planet. When the time comes, Yalei 2 will be greatly improved.</p>

  <p>As for the six planets outside Yalei 2, bases could be constructed there, providing the planet with a net of security. Additionally, the meteorite belt that was close to the planet could become a shield for the planet.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai understood that he would pay a high price in order to transform Yalei 2. However, he didn’t really intend to use it as a base. Actually, all of this investment was for the Ashley Family.</p>

  <p>Even before they met Zhao Hai, the Cultivation Realm and the Devil Realm were already coveting the Machine Field. If the two worked together, then the Machine Field would be hard-pressed to win. Margaret already asked Zhao Hai to help the Ashley Family when such times arrive. And since Zhao Hai can’t send them to the Space, then he could only send them to Yalei 2.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was very satisfied with the planet, he nodded and said, “Good, let’s take this planet. Even if we can’t request for it, we’ll buy it. However, we need to set up a transmission formation on the planet. Although it’s just for cover, it might be useful in the future.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded. Then Zhao Hai had Meg invite Merine and Green over to discuss how to transform Yalei 2 Planet.</p>

  <p>Green and Merine’s current state was very good. They have started to practice cultivation methods and it has brought great results. Although their combat strength didn’t increase by much, it was already good that their lifespan increased. And the longer they live, the more they can cultivate.</p>

  <p>At this time, the two were either studying magic formations or doing something with the Hundred Spirit Tree. They also grow a few plants on the side to entertain themselves. They were living quite leisurely.</p>

  <p>The two already understood that Zhao Hai was powerful enough that nobody can move him anymore. Therefore, they no longer have any worries.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai told the two elders about the outside situation and the two immediately agreed. But now, they no longer needed to direct it outside. They can now do it from the Space. The grunt work would be taken care of by the Undead.</p>

  <p>After arranging these things, Zhao Hai had nothing else left to do other than releasing silver needles and have Cai’er control it towards Yalei 2.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai brought Margaret to stroll around the Bone Symbol Camp or Dark Demon Planet once in a while. However, they spent most of their days being busy. There’s just a lot of people who want to see them.</p>

  <p>Besides his hectic schedule, Zhao Hai was also waiting for news about his reward. And the Machine Field didn’t make him wait too long. Ten days after Zhao Hai returned to Dark Demon Planet, Cadjo came to inform him to go to Machine Field Planet to receive his reward.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai took Margaret with him to Machine Field Planet. But just as they arrived at the Ashley Family’s office building, Zhao Hai was surprised to see Xiong Li and the others there. It seems like they had already gone out of seclusion.</p>

  <p>When Xiong Li and the others came out of their seclusion, then immediately went to Machine Field Planet. And upon knowing that Zhao Hai had returned, they came looking for him.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai immediately welcomed his brothers to his room. Then he scanned through Xiong Li and the others before he nodded and said, “Good, all of you became stronger. Hehe. It seems like you’ve gained a lot during your seclusion.”</p>

  <p>Xiong Li laughed and said, “Kid, you’re the one who’s strong. You’re making us lose face. But we did become stronger. I’m now more confident in going to the Six Realms Battlefield.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai laughed and said, “Why are you thinking about the Six Realms Battlefield when it hasn’t been decided yet? You’re worrying too early.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Dongfang Yu couldn’t help but frown as he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, don’t you know? Team Leader Ma notified us that we have five days to prepare after receiving the reward. After that, we will enter the Six Realms Battlefield.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was shocked, he didn’t receive this news. Zhao Hai looked at his brothers and said, “When did Team Leader Ma tell you this? Why am I not informed?”</p>

  <p>Dongfang Yu replied, “He informed us when we came out. But since you haven’t closed up, I believe Team Leader Ma planned to tell you when you arrive here.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “That’s possible. Right, I have some good news. I found our base. Come and take a look.” Then he took out his computer.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai turned his computer on and then opened the star map. After that, he pointed towards Yalei 2 and said, “This is Yalei 2. This is where I plan to have our base constructed.”</p>

  <p>Xiong Li and the others immediately checked the information regarding the planet. But as they read through the material, they couldn’t help but get terrified. It can be said that Yalei 2 was truly a bad planet.</p>

  <p>After reading the information, Xiong Li looked at Zhao Hai in confusion as he asked, “Little Hai, is this a joke? What are we going to do on that planet? Didn’t you read the information? That planet is not a place for human habitation.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It’s fine. I already thought about what to do with it. As long as we take care of this planet, it’ll be ours in the future. I already asked Margaret for help along with other people. They will transform this planet once we head to the Six Realms Battlefield. It should be a different place once we return.”</p>

  <p>These words didn’t change what Xiong Li and the other felt. This was because the information on the computer about Yalei 2 was just too bad. In their minds, it would still be a trash planet after its transformation.</p>

  <p>Seeing their expression staying the same, Zhao Hai lowered his voice and said, “Actually, Yalei 2 is just a cover. Our real base wouldn’t be there. Come, let me show you.”</p>

  <p>As soon as they heard Zhao Hai, the group immediately gathered. They knew that Zhao Hai was about to use space magic. Seeing that everyone had gathered, Zhao Hai smiled, then with an intention white light covered the group. The next moment, the group appeared on an island in the Endless Desert.</p>

  <p>When the white light vanished, Xiong Li and the others began to look around them. Upon sensing the environment, they couldn’t help but be dumbfounded. This island was very good. It was much better compared to other places that Xiong Li and the others had been to.</p>

  <p>Moreover, since Xiong Li and the others had experienced the environment of the Cultivation Realm, they knew that the spiritual density on the island was on par with the Cultivation Realm. This caused them to be startled.</p>

  <p>While Xiong Li and the others were curiously looking around, Zhao Hai said, “Brothers, I need to tell you this in advance. You can only do your activities within the island. You must not go beyond the outside shield. Otherwise, even gods wouldn’t be able to save you.”</p>

  <p>Xiong Li and the others turned to look at the horizon and saw that there was a bright yellow shield surrounding the island. Seeing this, Xiong Li couldn’t help but ask, “Little Hai, how did you find this place? What’s outside the shield?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Brothers, try to guess.” The group shook their heads. The Machine Field was too large and they had only been here for a few years. Moreover, the island’s environment was too special. They don’t even know where to start guessing.</p>

  <p>Seeing their response, Zhao Hai smiled and said, “It’s a famous place. However, people only know about what’s outside the island. Actually, nobody knows about this place.”</p>

  <p>The brothers got more curious upon hearing Zhao Hai. Seeing his brothers staring at him, Zhao Hai stopped making them guess as he said, “Outside this island is the Endless Desert. The place we’re in now is the center of the desert.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Xiong Li and the others were startled. Then they looked at each other, visibly shocked. Xiong Li turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, is the Endless Desert you’re talking about the same desert that is a forbidden area in the Machine Field? The place that produces Ancient Eternal Sand? That desert?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Where else could you see a vast desert in the World of Cultivation? We’re at the center of it.”</p>

  <p>Li Kuangren exclaimed, “Impossible. If we really are at the center of the Endless Desert, then how did you find this place?”</p>

  <p>But Zhao Hai just smiled, “You don’t have to worry about how I found out about this place. So how is it? Are you satisfied with our base?”</p>

  <p>I was wondering if ‘meteorites’ were supposed to be ‘moons’. But</p>
</body>
</html>