<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1133: Testing Margaret</h3>

  <p>A light sigh was heard, making the VIP room quiet. Everyone who heard it couldn’t help but lightly cough. It was the Patriarch, it was clear that he wasn’t amused at what happened.</p>

  <p>Thunder looked at those present and said, “What is going on with all of you? This is a place to fight for the family’s honor. Naturally, you need to use whatever means you could. Alright, we’ll postpone today’s battle. All of you have one day to prepare. Today’s first battle will not be counted. Now, go.” After he said that, he stood up and left.</p>

  <p>Desbarres and the others stood up and gave him a bow. They all knew that Thunder was dissatisfied with the squabble. However, they were also dissatisfied with the situation. Therefore, they agreed to the postponing of the competition.</p>

  <p>After Thunder left, Desbares turned to Dia and said, “You fool. Then next time you want to die, don’t pull us over.”</p>

  <p>The others were also looking at Dia in contempt. Dia knew that he was in the wrong, but he still snorted and said, “Fatty, if it weren’t for your bet, I wouldn’t have done this. Don’t you want to flaunt that you are a rich old man?”</p>

  <p>Desbarres smiled bitterly, then he looked at Dia and said, “Alright, I’ll let you off this time. However, everyone needs to go all out now. Let’s also dissolve the bet. If you weren’t willing to show-off that time, then I wouldn’t have proposed it. But whatever you do, Little Hai’s strength would still flatten you. Lister properly, make sure to tell your people to rein in their murderous intent. Or else, Little Hai might not show mercy.” After he said that, Desbarres turned and left.</p>

  <p>Dia looked at the departing Desbarres and said, “Bah, what dogshit luck did this fatty have to find an expert like that.”</p>

  <p>The other Camp Lords were also giving dark sighs. Not to mention being the External Hall manager, the fatty also had a good position in the family. On the other hand, even if they lorded over the camps, the family’s main strength lied on the battleship fleet. Desbarres grew up together with the Patriarch. Therefore, he had the Patriarch’s deep trust. Desbarres’s privilege of going out with ten ships without authorization was something that they didn’t have.</p>

  <p>Because of this, the Camp Lord attached great importance to the Camps they were assigned to. They weren’t like Desbarres who grew up with the Patriarch. Desbarres took care of the Bone Symbol Camp because he held sentiment to the camp. Because of this, he protected the camp, not allowing any danger befall it. And because of his unique situation, Desbarres could afford to not care about the camp’s standing. Even if the Bone Symbol Camp did badly, the family won’t care about it.</p>

  <p>But as for the other camps, the Patriarch always monitored the way they operate. If they cannot come up with results that can satisfy the family, then the Patriarch would not let them off easily.</p>

  <p>It was also for this reason that the other camps employed brutal selection methods. It was only through this way that they could provide good results.</p>

  <p>Although the other Camp Lords were in a dark mood, they quickly calmed themselves down. Then all of them left the stage in order to switch the equipment of their participants.</p>

  <p>When the others heard that the competition was postponed, they obediently left, even those who were feeling vengeful.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai returned to the Bone Symbol Camp with Desbarres. Then the group went to Zhao Hai’s villa. After they sat down, Zhao Hai asked, “Camp Lord, why was the competition postponed?”</p>

  <p>Desbarres smiled bitterly and explained the situation. Zhao Hai began to understand what was wrong. But then he smiled and said, “So all of them want to make more preparations. Hehe. In any case, the end result would still be the same.”</p>

  <p>When he saw Zhao Hai’s reaction, Desbarres couldn’t help but remind him, “Little Hai, you can’t be negligent. Now that those fellows were given time to prepare, they would certainly arrange powerful items to support their participants. You can’t be so relaxed in your next battles.’</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Camp Lord, you can rest assured. Even if I don’t use Liquid SIlver and my Undead, they are still not a match against me.”</p>

  <p>Desbarres’s two eyes shone as he said, “You’re really that confident?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Camp Lord, don’t underestimate my fighting strength. If I use Liquid Silver, even you are not my match.”</p>

  <p>Desbarres nodded and said, “Alright, but things have changed. Make sure to have killing be the least priority. The Camp Lords have made an agreement. As long as their participants aren’t murderous, then don’t kill them. After all, nobody will benefit if people die. Also, the ten million bet has been cancelled.”</p>

  <p>“What? How can this be? That 10 million is enough for me to eat in Little Hai’s until I die!” Without even waiting for Zhao Hai to comment, Tao Wang interjected.</p>

  <p>Desbarres slapped Tao Wang before he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “The External Hall’s eight camps might be in a competitive relationship, but we are also interdependent on each other. The eight camps aren’t treated as very important by the family. So if we always fight, then we would be finished. The Patriarch also knows this, so he allowed us to compete with each other. This way, the External Hall wouldn’t unite and become a threat to the family. Naturally, the Camp Lords also understand this. So even if there was fighting, nobody would go all out. At the same time, we make sure that we don’t show any sign of unity. This way, the Patriarch wouldn’t feel pressured. Everybody is in agreement with this aspect. Of course, if someone dared to resort to extreme methods, there’s no need to be polite.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded. He didn’t expect this competition to have this much strings connected to it. However, he decided to place it in the back of his mind. Then he ordered his two robots to prepare meals before asking Desbarres and the others to share a meal with him.</p>

  <p>While everyone was happily eating, Margaret unexpectedly came. Everyone in the villa stared. Then Desbarres and the others gave a strange smile before quickly leaving the area. This caused Margaret’s face to turn red.</p>

  <p>Seeing Margaret arrive, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sigh. Even blind people could see that Margaret was interested in him. Zhao Hai asked Margaret to sit down and then poured her some tea before saying, “Instructor, is there anything I can do for you?”</p>

  <p>Margaret looked at Zhao Hai and said, “I heard that the competition was cancelled so that the other camps could return and exchange their equipment. I expected Uncle to give you some equipment, but I think that all of you would be drinking here. Sigh, Zhao Hai, don’t treat this competition lightly. It’s possible for you to die here.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Instructor, you can rest assured. I have this matter completely in control. Moreover, the Camp Lords have already reached an agreement. As long as nobody goes to extreme methods to deal with me, then I cannot kill them. I’m not in any danger.”</p>

  <p>Margaret frowned, then she said, “That’s no good. It’s too dangerous. This, take this. I’ll tell Uncle Des to prepare you a set of defensive equipment.” After she said that, Margaret took out a Mage Staff from her spatial equipment.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the staff and couldn’t help but gawk. This staff was very high-level. It was unexpectedly engraved with a 100-layer formation set. It was suited for level 4 Mages to use. He didn’t expect Margaret to lend him this staff.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t take the staff, instead he shook his head and said, “I can’t use that. And the Camp Lord has already given me something. It’s the best weapon in the Machine Field.”</p>

  <p>Margaret couldn’t help but be curious, “Strongest weapon in the Machine Field?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “You don’t know? It’s the failed item Leng Wuyeng left behind. It’s now mine, I call him Liquid Silver.” Then he waved his hand, making Liquid Silver appear.</p>

  <p>After thinking about it, Zhao Hai decided to tell Margaret about Liquid Silver. Margaret had been good to him, so he couldn’t be indifferent to her. He also wanted to see her reaction upon seeing it.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai had too many secrets. Therefore, he would need to choose a woman who was virtuous. Laura and the others were also accepted by Zhao Hai with this method. Now, it was Margaret’s turn to be tested.</p>

  <p>To be honest, if Margaret didn’t come and remind him today, then it might be hard for Zhao Hai to accept her. Now, Margaret’s worry touched Zhao Hai. Because of this, he decided to give her a chance.</p>

  <p>Margaret knew about Leng Wuyeng’s failed weapon. Seeing Zhao Hai wave Leng Wuyeng’s weapon caused her to be shocked. She stared at the staff in Zhao Hai’s hand for a long time. She didn’t know what to say.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Margaret’s expression and couldn’t help but smile. Then waved his hand, causing the staff to turn into liquid and then bind into his body, turning itself into a full body armor.</p>

  <p>Margaret finally believed Zhao Hai’s words. She excitedly stood up and said, “This is fantastic. I didn’t expect you to complete the item left behind by Grandmaster Leng Wuyeng. Right, you cannot tell anyone about this matter or else you’ll suffer bad luck. Zhao Hai, does anyone else know about this?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled, then the armor reformed back into a staff. After that, he said, “Rest assured, not a lot of people know about this matter. Only you, the Camp Lord, Tie Sheng, Tao Wang, and the Patriarch.”&#160;</p>

  <p>Margaret’s complexion changed, then she said, “You told him?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knew that she was referring to the Patriarch. He nodded and said, “Right. The Camp Lord was the one who informed the Patriarch.”</p>

  <p>Margaret’s expression turned difficult. Then she said, “Why did you tell him? Fat Uncle, sigh. Now that he knows, he will certainly find ways to snatch Liquid Silver away from you. Not good, Zhao Hai, you’re in danger. You need to leave the Ashley Family as soon as possible.”</p>
</body>
</html>