<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 529: Two Choices</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai calmly looked at the 9th rank experts as they were quickly getting older. One must know that a 9th rank expert’s lifespan was very long. Moreover, from what Zhao Hai saw of their appearance, these 9th ranks can still live for a long time, at the very least 3500 years.</p>

  <p>Now they were growing old so fast that it would seem like they were riding a fast car which is running on the road of time. It was as if the time around them were 100 or 1000 times more than normal people.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s expression stayed calm, his body beneath his clothes had now turned into crystal. He fully trusted the Space, and since it said that his body would become unbreakable upon crystallization, Zhao Hai chose to directly face these four 9th rank experts.</p>

  <p>Since the beginning, Zhao Hai had always indirectly battled his opponents. Besides the time when he fought Terry, Zhao Hai had always been in the back, casting spells and summoning undead.</p>

  <p>This has something to do with his character. He just doesn’t want to directly fight, he thinks that the way that Mages fight was the safest.</p>

  <p>But now was not the time to do that, if he entered the Space at this moment, then his secret would have been exposed. In addition, he was still in the Iksa Family mansion, if he entered the Space, he would be putting the Iksa Family in peril.</p>

  <p>Although the Space possessed marvelous abilities, it cannot forcibly absorb mindful beings. Therefore, Zhao Hai can only stand there and wait for Fernand to bring his family to his side then have them transported into the Space.</p>

  <p>At the same time, ever since Zhao Hai was able to crystallize, his mind changed a little bit. He wanted to try how strong his body was. Even if he cannot withstand this attack, he still had Cai’er and the Space. As long as Fernand’s family is in the Space, he can confidently and boldly accept this strike.</p>

  <p>Naturally, the attack of the opposite party still needed to be prepared for quite some time. But Fernand wasn’t stupid, he knew that every second counts. The other members of the Iksa Family aren’t stupid either, when they saw what the 9th ranks were doing, they immediately knew what kind of attack it was.</p>

  <p>They were very clear about how powerful 9th rank experts were. Although the Iksa Family still had their secret passage, this passage can only be a decoration in front of a 9th rank expert. After Fernand shouted, all of them immediately convened to Zhao Hai’s location.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t have the time to be polite with them, he immediately issued a heads-up, “In a while I’m going to send you to a strange place. But don’t worry, some people would be there to receive you. So don’t get too startled.” Then Fernand and the others made an effort to nod.</p>

  <p>Robert’s influence in the Iksa Family was very high, so when he shouted at the crowd, they immediately calmed down. One must know that the Iksa Family had a lot of members. It was a miracle to be able to shut them up in a short period of time.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai carefully observed the four 9th rank experts. The lives of these four were soon coming to an end. The wrinkles on their faces started overlapping, the hair on their head were starting to fall, old people spots were starting to appear, even their teeth were falling off.</p>

  <p>However, they still didn’t stop chanting their incantations. It was as though they didn’t have any idea of what was happening to their bodies.</p>

  <p>Then Zhao Hai turned his attention to the Iksa Family. Seeing that they were prepared, he immediately brought all of them into the Space.</p>

  <p>And just as Zhao Hai sent the Iksa Family to the Space, the four 9th rank experts said their last syllable. Then all of them violently shook before turning into a mist of blood. After then, something appeared on the skies, it seems like there was another sun that appeared. It looked very bright and terrifying.</p>

  <p>The light seemed to be like an Energy Ball from a certain novel that Zhao Hai had read back on earth. The ball of light crashed into the mansion. But how strong was this ball of light? Zhao Hai didn’t have time to think about this as the attack collided with his head.</p>

  <p>Fortunately, Zhao Hai’s entire body has now been crystallized. Zhao Hai felt the light hit his head and then his clothes vanishing. It was not only his clothes, the building in his surroundings has been eradicated. The ground, the cyan stones were gone, no need to say about the plants. Everything around him completely vanished.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai just stood there without entering the Space. This was because the ball of light hadn’t been able to damage his current body.</p>

  <p>And also, he didn’t dare open a spatial crack to enter the Space. Even though he wasn’t affected at all, Zhao Hai felt how formidable this attack was. If this ball of light were to penetrate the crack and enter the Space, Zhao Hai didn’t know what would happen to the people inside. And he didn’t want to dare take the risk.</p>

  <p>Since this ball of light couldn’t harm him, it was much better for him to stay outside. But Zhao Hai didn’t know that while he stayed outside, Laura and the others were very anxious for him inside the Space.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai made Laura and the others receive the Iksa Family. The Iksa Family had now reached its end, they can only depend upon the Buda Clan to survive. Because of this, Zhao Hai wasn’t afraid of the family betraying him. Moreover, since he was planning to transport the family to Iron Mountain Fort, even if they knew his secrets, it would be impossible for them to pass it on.</p>

  <p>When the Iksa Family initially entered the Space, all of them were somewhat anxious. But when they saw Laura and the others, they calmed down. But even if the Space’s villa was huge, it can just barely fit 100 people, so it was impossible for the entire Iksa Family to be accommodated there. Laura asked them to rest first before they can be transported to Iron Mountain Fort.</p>

  <p>At this time, what Laura and the others were worrying about was the situation outside. Therefore, after they invited Robert into the villa, they surrounded the monitor and looked at the situation outside.</p>

  <p>But it was unfortunate for them that the screen was entirely white, they couldn’t see anything. After the light vanished, the scene made Laura and the others breathe in a cold air.</p>

  <p>The City Lord’s mansion has completely been wiped off the map, they couldn’t see a single piece left. In the original location of the mansion, a giant hole was left. This hole looked like a crater that a meteor had created, it had a depth of 30 meters.</p>

  <p>What made Laura and the others uneasy was the fact that they couldn’t see Zhao Hai in that crater. Zhao Hai didn’t even leave behind a shadow.</p>

  <p>When Laura and the others were about to panic, Zhao Hai suddenly walked in from outside. But he already had his clothes changed, what he had on was now an ordinary Mage’s Robe.</p>

  <p>Seeing Zhao Hai come, Laura and the others relaxed. Actually, Zhao Hai didn’t intend to be missing. But since his clothes were fully gone, he cannot just appear naked inside the villa and be seen by the Iksa Family, he wasn’t an exhibitionist. Therefore, after he entered the Space, the changed his clothes first before entering the villa.</p>

  <p>When he entered the villa, he was immediately welcomed by Laura and the others. They looked at his left and right to see that he was really alright.</p>

  <p>Seeing their expressions, Zhao Hai faintly smiled and said, “I’m fine, no need to be worried. But Laura, I’m sorry for destroying the clothes that you gave me.”</p>

  <p>After he said that, Laura didn’t know whether to laugh or cry, “Who cares about the clothes. As long as you’re fine, it’s alright. Go see Uncle Robert quickly, I don’t think his mood is fine.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he entered the villa’s living room. Robert and Fernand were waiting for him there, when they saw him, they immediately stood up.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gave Robert a salute and then asked them to sit down, “Uncle Robert, from what I can see with the situation, there was no way for the Iksa Family to return to the Aksu Empire.”</p>

  <p>Robert smiled bitterly, “I already thought up to this point. Ever since our Foreign Elders were killed, I knew our Iksa Family is finished. To be honest, if not for you appearing, our Iksa Family might have gone extinct. Not matter what, I must thank you, Little Hai.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai waved his hand and said, “Uncle Robert, you’re too polite. If not because of me, your Iksa Family wouldn’t have been implicated with this situation. Since you came here, I will be clear to you. This place is our Buda Clan’s greatest secret. Nobody except members of my Buda Clan knew about it, even my father-in-laws don’t know about this. Now that the Iksa Family know about it, I can tell you that it would be impossible for you to go back.”</p>

  <p>Robert nodded. As soon as he entered the Space, he felt the difference inside. He was also a Mage, so he was sensitive to energy. He can feel how active the energy inside was, and it was also quite rich, many folds compared to outside. This place was certainly not a simple one.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Robert and said, “Uncle Robert, I can only give you two choices. First, you’ll go to the Black Wasteland. I’ll tell you, the poisonous mist in the wasteland was made by me. The Black Wasteland is where the root of our Buda Clan was established. The Milk Wine that we drank before was made there, we also have other factories in that place. In there, you will have absolute security. Moreover, I’m also prepared to buy a massive amount of slaves. If you settle down in the Black Wasteland, I can have the capable people of the Iksa Family help me manage them.”</p>

  <p>Robert nodded, he thought that this choice was good, but he wonders what Zhao Hai’s second choice was. So he asked, “The second choice?”</p>
</body>
</html>