<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1090: Monthly Examination</h3>

  <p>Time quickly passed by, and unknowingly, Zhao Hai was already in the Machine Field for one month. In this month, Dins and the others already passed the requirements and rose to the second floor classroom. Besides Zhao Hai, only two other ascenders were left on the first floor.</p>

  <p>Ascending didn’t have a set time interval. Sometimes, there would be dozens of newcomers in one year, some years might even reach hundreds. But at the same time, there would also be times when only one person ascended. This situation was very normal.</p>

  <p>The two other ascenders on the first floor were young men. Zhao Hai tried to talk to them but the two were full of vigilance towards him. Moreover, their arrogance was something that even Zhao Hai couldn’t bear. In the end, Zhao Hai can only give up on them and focused on condensing magic formations instead. At this point, the number of magic formations that Zhao Hai had managed to condense had reached 100 thousand. Moreover, this wasn’t the only improvement he had in this month. At this point, Zhao Hai can now condense 100 magic formations at the same time. And these 100 magic formations would be condensed in 5 minutes or so.</p>

  <p>Although Dins and the others had moved to the second floor, they didn’t stop contacting Zhao Hai. The group ate their meals together almost every day. Naturally, Qi Yi would be part of this from time to time. Margaret also got in touch with Dins and the others to invite them to the Bone Symbol Camp. This caused the old men to feel relieved.</p>

  <p>On the other hand, the time for Zhao Hai’s monthly examination came. As long as he passed this examination, he would then be able to rise to the second floor. Additionally, the metal plate would begin to function.</p>

  <p>The magic formation on the metal plate would adjust the density of spiritual qi inside Zhao Hai’s body. This would enable him to slowly adjust to the Machine Field’s spiritual qi. When one year passes, he would then be able to fully adjust to the realm’s environment.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was able to see the exam that Dins and the others underwent. However, upon seeing their exam, Zhao Hai was no longer sure what kind of exam he would face.</p>

  <p>The exam that Dins and the others took was the same test that Margaret had given Zhao Hai on his second day. In other words, Zhao Hai had already passed the monthly exam in his second day. This made the monthly examination redundant. Zhao Hai believed that Margaret wouldn’t give him the same test.</p>

  <p>Although he was wondering about what his test would be, Zhao Hai didn’t actually ask Margaret about it. He just continued to live his days on the first floor, either attending classes or staying inside his room condensing magic formations.</p>

  <p>The day of the test quickly arrived. Zhao Hai punctually arrived in his classroom before 9 o’clock. This time, he didn’t bring his robots. The two were left behind his room accompanying Laura and the others.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai believed that Margaret would also arrive in time. And sure enough, Margaret entered the room at 9. When she saw Zhao Hai, Margaret just said, “Follow me.” Zhao Hai nodded and didn’t say anything.</p>

  <p>Margaret was a quiet person and never said anything useless. Apart from giving lectures and answering questions, she generally kept quiet during classes. Zhao Hai was already used to her cold and quiet demeanor.</p>

  <p>Although it can be said that Margaret only instructed him for three days, these three days were the most important days for Zhao Hai. This was because it was in these three days that Margaret opened up Zhao Hai’s path to being an Expert.</p>

  <p>Magic Theory was very suitable to Zhao Hai’s cultivation method. As long as he had condensed a specific formation, he would no longer spend time in arranging it in the future since it would appear almost instantaneously. This also applies to layered formations.</p>

  <p>Although Zhao Hai was condensing magic formations in these past several days, he didn’t relax when it comes to layering formations. Layering magic formations wasn’t as simple as putting one formation on top of another. Layered formation came in many types. The simplest one of them was layering two of the same formations. For example, if Zhao Hai layers his summoning magic formation, he wouldn’t need to spend a lot of time on it since there would be no conflicts between parts of the formation. Because of that, this type was said to be the simplest.</p>

  <p>However, this arrangement also meant that this type of layered formation was the weakest. If it was in numerical terms, it was just adding one to one. The effect wasn’t amplified that much.</p>

  <p>The most difficult layered formations were those who incorporated formations from multiple elements. Even layering two formations would prove difficult. But since this increased the resulting formation’s geometric structure, the magic formation would be very powerful.</p>

  <p>In the Machine Field, there were people who tried to make the strongest layered formation using computers. However, there had yet to be any success.</p>

  <p>Computers weren’t omnipotent. And even if it managed to calculate the strongest combination, the requirements to condense such formation would be extremely strict; to the point where no errors should happen during the entire process.</p>

  <p>In the end, Mages were still people, they weren’t machines. Even machines had flaws, much less Mages. For a Mage to layer formations without a single error was borderline impossible.</p>

  <p>Layered formations simulated by computers required perfection. As long as a single error appears, the formation would be rendered useless, it might even injure the Mage casting it. Because of this, the best layered formations in the Machine Field were those made by Mages who had battled for a long time. Moreover, starting from five to ten layered formations, these were deemed as a secret by Mages. They would only pass their formations down to their disciples or younger generations. It was impossible for these formations to be revealed to the public.</p>

  <p>However, these things weren’t an issue for Zhao Hai. Inside the Space was the Universal Scanner. Although the scanner was still level 1, it was something that most computers couldn’t compare to. The biggest characteristic of the scanner was that it was made to cater to Zhao Hai’s needs. It can be said that everything inside the Space revolves around Zhao Hai, the scanner was not different. Because of this, Cai’er had the scanner analyze the formations that Zhao Hai condensed so far. At the same time, the scanner would create combinations that would suit Zhao Hai the most.</p>

  <p>In addition to practicing Magic Theory, Zhao Hai was also trying to layer magic formations. At this point, he can now layer 100 magic formations together.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and Margaret took the elevator and went up the building. There were some floors in the academy that weren’t open to the students. These floors were some of the most important facilities of the academy. Teachers usually lived on these floors.</p>

  <p>They went through the uppermost floor of the academy and then to the platform on the roof. Parked on the platform was a small battleship that was shaped like a small bean. It had a rounded head and tail.</p>

  <p>The entire battleship was 50 meters long and 20 meters wide. Painted on its side were four characters that spelled ‘Ascender Academy’</p>

  <p>Seeing this battleship, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but gawk. He turned his head to Margaret and said, “Instructor, are we going outside?”</p>

  <p>Margaret nodded and said, “There’s no point in testing you using the standards we use om the others. In the Ascender Academy, there would be ten tests per year. This first exam tests your knowledge of magic runes. The second tests if you can condense a formation. And then the third exam is a smelting trial outside the Academy.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai frowned for a moment before he said, “I still haven’t adjusted to the concentration of spiritual qi. Is it alright for me to go outside?”</p>

  <p>Margaret answered, “There’s no need to worry about that. The academy’s battleships are all modified to automatically adjust the concentration of energy. Also, the place that you’ll be going to will have less concentration of spiritual qi compared to normal. These tests are specially arranged for ascenders to undergo, the academy had prepared everything in advance. Your test this time is to go outside and eradicate a malicious ghost.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai replied, “Malicious ghosts? Are they like the Lich?”</p>

  <p>Margaret gave a nod and said, “There are similarities, but malicious ghosts aren’t the same as Lich. These malicious ghosts are stronger than the Lich from the lower realms. They not only use magic, they can also do physical attacks. For you who just learned Magic Theory, dealing with these things would be tough.”&#160;</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gave a nod. Margaret continued, “The place we’re going to is an area on the edge of the Machine Field. Its concentration of spiritual qi isn’t high, but there are still people living there. Moreover, it is an important sector for mithril mining. But because of the constant mining, it had become a place with rich yin energy. This caused the place to produce dark creatures. This place is also one of the smelting trials of the Machine Field’s academies. Besides you, there are also other ascenders undergoing their smelting trial in that place. Therefore, not only do you need to be wary of malicious ghosts, you also need to be vigilant against other ascenders.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gave another nod. At this time, they had arrived in front of the battleship’s door. Then door automatically opened and then closed when they entered. In front of Zhao Hai was a corridor. Margaret led Zhao Hai towards a door, then she said, “This will be your room. Don’t wander around aimlessly. The battleship has its own internal security system. If for some reason you end up inside forbidden areas, you will immediately be attacked by the ship.”&#160;</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he said, “Instructor Margaret, how long will it take us to reach our destination?”&#160;</p>

  <p>Margaret answered, “In about three days. In these three days, people will come to deliver food to you. You can use the internet inside your room and you can also practice. It would be best if you don’t go out.” Zhao Hai nodded for the last time before he went inside his room.</p>

  <p>The room wasn’t very big, only about 20 square meters. It had a bed, a table, a bathroom, and a sofa, nothing else.&#160;</p>

  <p>But what made Zhao Hai surprised the most was that there was a window inside the room. Although it wasn’t big, he could still see the scenery outside.</p>
</body>
</html>