<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 947: Protecting The Last Bloodline</h3>

  <p>Elder Star stared at the place where Zhao Hai disappeared. It took him quite a while to recover. Then suddenly, he vomited blood, he was completely mad at Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Gold Ben and the others also had the look of defeat on their faces. They knew that they truly lost this time. They had no way to deal with Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>After Gold Ben saw Elder Star shake and collapse, he immediately went forward to offer support. He wasn’t mad at Zhao Hai at this time, it can be said that he couldn’t afford to be angry at Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>When one meets a well-matched rival, one would get angry whenever one couldn’t defeat him and lose. However, when one meets an enemy that couldn’t be defeated, one wouldn’t have the means to be angry.</p>

  <p>Perhaps the words that could describe Gold Ben’s emotion right now was ‘accepting fate’! Gold Ben had accepted his defeat.</p>

  <p>After some time, Elder Star took a deep breath before looking at Gold Ben and the others and said, “We’re finished. We miscalculated. We didn’t expect Zhao Hai to be this strong. The Divine Race has been destroyed by his hands.”</p>

  <p>Jie Yu’s eyes were scarlet red as he said, “No, we must deal with him, we need to kill him. Elder Star, we can use Blood Sacrifice in order to have the Deity deal with Zhao Hai.”</p>

  <p>Elder Star smiled bitterly and said, “Jie Yu, haven’t you understood Zhao Hai? If the Deity could deal with him, then he would’ve made a move already. He wouldn’t have allowed Zhao Hai to destroy the Divine Race. Don’t forget, he needs us in order to collect Faith Power. Also, where did you think Zhao Hai get his Hell King’s Ship? He took it from the Deity.”</p>

  <p>Jie Yu couldn’t accept it as he said, “Then what do we do now? Do we just wait?”</p>

  <p>Elder Star shook his head and said, “It would be too late for us to provide help, but we could still protect our last bloodline.”</p>

  <p>Gold Ben and the others stared. They looked confused at Elder Star. They didn’t know what Elder Star meant. It was already too late for them to provide help yet they would protect their bloodline?</p>

  <p>Elder Star looked at the group and said, “Haven’t you heard Zhao Hai? Although his words said that he had destroyed the Divine Race, he revealed that he was still dealing with the Gemini and Aquarius Continents. Although these clans couldn’t stop Zhao Hai, they could at least delay him for several days. Otherwise, Zhao Hai wouldn’t have come to pester us here. He also revealed another matter, he said that the foreign races are now dealing with the Leo Divines.”</p>

  <p>As soon as they heard Elder Star, Gold Ben and the others quickly nodded. They understood what Elder Star wanted to say. They had fought against the foreign races for many years, so they knew how strong the foreign races were. It would be impossible for the foreign races to smoothly take the Leo Continent. Moreover, the Leo Divines had been holding their anger down all this time. Now that the foreign races came, they would be the target for this hatred. The foreign races wouldn’t be able to succeed in a short time.</p>

  <p>The Gemini and Aquarius Continents were too far for them to rescue. Moreover, they had no way to deal with Zhao Hai. On the other hand, there were a lot of ways to deal with the foreign races.</p>

  <p>Gold Ben and the others were watching Elder Star, they were waiting for what he would say next. Elder Star continued, “There’s no point in dealing with the Winged Pegasus Clan anymore. We’ll set out immediately and deal with the foreign races. As long as we attack the foreign races, their army would come back. And when they do so, we will return to the Leo Continent. Whether it was Zhao Hai or the foreign races, they would still have a hard time dealing with all nine of us. As long as we block their attacks, the Leo Continent would be saved, saving the last blood of the Divine Race.</p>

  <p>Gold Ben and the others nodded. However, Gold Ben had some doubts, “What do we do if the foreign races don’t return?”</p>

  <p>Elder Star shook his head and said, “No, the foreign races aren’t Zhao Hai. As Zhao Hai said, he had no close relationship with the Winged Pegasus Clan. Therefore, even if we deal with the Winged Pegasus just like the Thunder Clan, Zhao Hai might not return. On the other hand, the foreign races are different. Their roots lie in their continents, if we attack them, then they would definitely return.”</p>

  <p>Gold Ben and the others nodded. They agreed with Elder Star’s words. After seeing the group agree, Elder Star nodded and said, “Since everyone agrees, then let’s not waste time. Let’s go.”</p>

  <p>Jie Yu looked towards the Winged Pegasus Clan and said with indignation, “Do we let them off like just like that?”</p>

  <p>Elder Star replied, “We will find opportunities to deal with them in the future. In any case, they won’t be able to run away. Let’s go.” Jie Yu looked at the Winged Pegasus once more before he turned around and followed Elder Star.</p>

  <p>After seeing Elder Star and the others leave, Zhao Hai relaxed. If Elder Star and the others didn’t leave, then he might make some moves. It wouldn’t be good for Zhao Hai to fight right now, or else he would ascend.</p>

  <p>The reason why Zhao Hai told Elder Star too much was because he wanted this result. He wanted the Supreme Elders to shift their hatred towards the foreign races. Now, it seems that he had succeeded. Zhao Hai was sitting in his room as he was looking at Elder star and the others. Because of this, Jinsong and the others were still unaware of what happened. Jinsong and the others were still inside the Hell King’s ship. They were anxious, afraid that they would encounter the anger of the Supreme Elders.</p>

  <p>At this time, Zhao Hai exited from his room. Then he turned to Jinsong and the others and smiled, “It’s fine, there’s no need to be worried. The nine Supreme Elders are leaving the Winged Pegasus plane.”</p>

  <p>Jinsong and the others stared, naturally they didn’t know that Zhao Hai was able to see Elder Star and the others.</p>

  <p>Because of this, they didn’t believe Zhao Hai immediately. On the other hand, Fei’er didn’t doubt Zhao Hai. He had the longest contact with Zhao Hai, so he was aware of all the magical things that Zhao Hai could do.</p>

  <p>Fei’er laughed before he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister is truly fierce. In just a few words, you managed to shift their target to the foreign races.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said, “It wasn’t that easy. If I told them yesterday, then they might not have retreated. It was only today that the foreign races arrived at the Leo Continent. If I told the Supreme Elders before that, then they might have stayed here.”</p>

  <p>Fei’er nodded, then he looked at Zhao Hai and asked, “Mister, are you telling the truth? That the only Divines left in the Divine Realm are the Leo, Gemini, and Aquarius Divines?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “It’s true. I already told you when you entered the Space, I have many means. But the Divines aren’t the ones that worry me. There’s the O’Neal family as well as the Underworld. When the Supreme Elders decided to deal with you, I’m already prepared to send you to the Space. Even if not everyone entered the Space, I could still send people to constrain the Supreme Elders while you enter. I will also be dealing with the Divines in the meantime. When the time comes, I will release information so that the foreign races wouldn’t be able to sit by and do nothing. They will certainly dispatch their troops, providing a new target for the Supreme Elders’ hatred. You will be safe during that period of time, you won’t be having too much losses. Unfortunately, matters turned into this messy situation.”</p>

  <p>Fei’er had the look of shame on his face, he bowed and said, “I’ve been unfair to Mister, I have disappointed you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “This isn’t your mistake. You already tried your best. In any case, things had already happened, there’s no need to think too much about it. Just go and help Shan out.”</p>

  <p>The group nodded before Zhao Hai led the Hell King’s ship towards the Winged Pegasus’ Palace. Shan was also inside the palace. Upon seeing Zhao Hai and the other come back, the expressions on the Winged Pegasus members’ face changed. They didn’t know what Zhao Hai came for this time.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Shan and smiled, “The Supreme Elders have retreated. You can now prepare in peace. I will be heading back, I still have a lot of matters to attend to.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, the Winged Pegasus members relaxed. However, there were some members who had the look of indignation on their faces. They thought that Zhao Hai went too far. He obviously came intentionally late. This caused the Winged Pegasus to suffer a huge loss. Moreover, he even forced them to enter the Space.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t care about the expressions of these people. He turned his head to Shan and said, “Shan, I will leave things here to you. If something came up, then just contact me. I will come and help you.” After saying this, Zhao Hai scanned the Winged Pegasus members. These people couldn’t help but lower their heads.</p>

  <p>These people were clearly aware. Although Yifei wasn’t the clan’s strongest expert, as a Patriarch, he wasn’t weak, he had achieved God-rank strength. However, such strength couldn’t even block Zhao Hai’s move. He couldn’t even make any move to resist as he was instantly killed. Zhao Hai’s strength made the Winged Pegasus members startled, they became afraid.</p>

  <p>Shan understood what Zhao Hai said. He didn’t say anything else as he nodded and said, “Yes Mister. I will move the clan to the Space as soon as possible.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to look at Jinson and Speaker Fang. Then he bowed to them and said, “I will have to ask your help in order to settle the Winged Pegasus Clan. You need to move the clan in the fastest way possible. I’m afraid I won’t have time to manage things here. The Supreme Elders are now heading towards the foreign races. I need to quickly take care of the Gemini and Aquarius Divines in order to face the Supreme Elders. I hope I would have enough time to work with the foreign Supreme Elders. Otherwise, things would be troublesome.”</p>

  <p>Jinsong and Fang immediately returned the bow and said, “Mister, you can rest assured.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then his figure flashed as he disappeared from the Winged Pegasus Clan’s palace.</p>
</body>
</html>