<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1141: Intelligent Spy</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai slowly led everyone back to the main army. They couldn’t fly too fast since dangers were ever present in the meteorite field. It was very likely that they couldn’t avoid pieces of meteorites if they went too fast. In this field, a shard of meteor was more lethal than a bullet.</p>

  <p>Before long, Zhao Hai’s group noticed a group of 50 scouting in all directions. Zhao Hai knew that these people were from the Ashley Family, so he wasn’t startled at the sight of them. He immediately led his group towards them.</p>

  <p>The group also noticed Zhao Hai’s team. But since the other party was wearing similar masks, they knew that they were in the same team.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded to them and said, “This one is Bone Symbol Camp’s Zhao Hai. May I ask where Commander Tie Sheng is?” It was clear that the opposite party wasn’t from the Bone Symbol Camp. Upon hearing that it was Zhao Hai, they curiously sized him up. Zhao Hai was currently famous in the Ashley Family’s External Hall.</p>

  <p>The man in front of Zhao Hai pointed behind him and said, “The commanders are currently inside the base. They’re waiting for you.” Zhao Hai nodded and expressed his thanks. Then he lead his team towards the direction the man pointed.</p>

  <p>Before long, Zhao Hai felt Tie Sheng and the others’s presence. Zhao Hai quickly flew over and then bowed and said, “Brother Tie Sheng, I’m back. I have also seen the commanders.”</p>

  <p>Naturally, the other commanders knew about Zhao Hai. They looked at him curiously. But since Zhao Hai was wearing a mask, they couldn’t see much.</p>

  <p>Tie Sheng nodded and said, “How is it? Did you find the ship?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I found it. However, the situation isn’t very good. The ship has already fallen under the Zhang Family’s control. Moreover, they’ve set up a trap to ensnare us there.” Tie Sheng and the others’s faces turned ugly. This was the worst result, this was the last thing they wanted to hear. However, those present here were mentally strong, so they immediately roused their spirits. Tie Sheng said, “It seems like we can’t count on it anymore. Right, is the core family member inside the ship?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai replied, “That person is alright. However, he’s already in the Zhang Family’s control. It’s possible that they’re just waiting to capture us. Then they’ll use us as evidence to make war against the family.”</p>

  <p>Tie Sheng nodded, “If they can’t catch us, then there won’t be sufficient evidence. Therefore, we cannot get caught. Everyone, what do we do now?” The commanders looked at each other, they didn’t know what to do. Tie Sheng turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, do you have any ideas?”&#160;</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai thought for a moment, then he said, “I think we should stay here for now. The Zhang Family had sent out a large army in order to catch us. Even if we managed to escape the meteorite field, we would still be overtaken if we don’t have a ship. If we stay here, then the Zhang Family wouldn’t be able to send their ships in. Even if they have Warriors and Mages, or even mechs, we still don’t need to be afraid since this zone is simply too big. It would be impossible for them to do a comprehensive search of this place. Moreover, the meteors could become our natural shields. Although the Zhang Family has great strength, they still wouldn’t be able to surround us. And they couldn’t afford to stay here for long either. Therefore, as long as we stay here, we could go home once the Zhang Family retreats.”</p>

  <p>Tie Sheng turned to the others and said, “What do you think?”</p>

  <p>Charles nodded and said, “I agree with Zhao Hai. If we leave the meteorite field now, then we’ll just be feeding ourselves to the tiger’s mouth. It’s best if we endure here.”</p>

  <p>At this time, Leo opened his mouth and said, “That might be easy to say, but haven’t you noticed a problem? We didn’t take a lot of food with us. And after the last ten days of waiting, we’ve already consumed a lot of our stock. If we don’t escape this time, the Zhang Family could just starve us here.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing this, Charles and Tie Sheng were immediately reminded of this problem. Although their cultivation levels weren’t low, they still need to eat in order to maintain their energy levels. Most of their food stocks were inside the ship. And the supply they brought with them during the ambush wasn’t much. If they don’t solve the food problem, they will definitely starve.</p>

  <p>If they don’t want to die of hunger, then their only choice was to exit the meteorite field. But if they go out, they would get captured by the Zhang Family. All of a sudden, Tie Sheng and the others were caught in a dilemma.</p>

  <p>Margaret, who was beside Tie Sheng, didn’t speak this entire time. But when she heard Leo, her eyes turned towards Zhao Hai. She couldn’t help but admire Zhao Hai. While others were searching for valuable things inside the ship, Zhao Hai was scraping up all of the food. And now, food became the most valuable commodity.</p>

  <p>When he saw Margaret looking at him, Zhao Hai immediately understood what she was thinking about. He smiled faintly and nodded. Then Margaret turned to Tie Sheng and the others and said, “Big Brother Tie Sheng, there’s no need to worry about food.” Tie Sheng and the others stared. Then then turned to look at Margaret. They didn’t know what she was talking about. Margaret smiled and said, “Before we left the ship, Brother Hai took all of the ship’s rations. It should be enough for us to last for some time.”</p>

  <p>Tie Sheng and the others stared for a moment before their faces turned happy. Tie Sheng looked at Zhao Hai and asked, “Little Hai, is this true?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I’ve taken all of the food inside the ship. It should be enough for us to last a long time. Moreover, I brought a lot of food before we left the family. Rest assured, even if we stayed here for several months, we still have enough to eat.”</p>

  <p>Tie Sheng laughed and said, “Good, then our biggest problem is solved. Right, Little Hai, why did you bring so much food before leaving the family?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “It’s because of my experience in the lower realms. I was chased down and could only hide. And because I didn’t have enough food to eat, I wasn’t able to fight properly. Therefore, no matter where I go, I will always bring a lot of food. Just in case I need it.”</p>

  <p>When they heard this, Tie Sheng and the others laughed. They were relieved. As long as they have food, then there’s no problem staying in this meteorite belt.</p>

  <p>At this time, an explosion suddenly happened in the distance. Everyone’s expression changed. This might mean that the scouts had discovered the enemy and were currently in combat.</p>

  <p>Tie Sheng looked at the commanders and said, “Immediately recall all the other scouts. Little Hai, I’ll have to trouble you to take a look at the situation. Zhao Hai complied and then turned around and left. Richard and the others were still following behind him.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai left, Charles turned to look at Tie Sheng and said, “You made Zhao Hai go? He’s a treasure of the Bone Symbol Camp. Aren’t you afraid that he’ll suffer an accident?”</p>

  <p>Tie Sheng forced a smile and said, “I wanted to send other people, but nobody has stronger spiritual force than Little Hai. He can get there without being discovered. In our current situation, he’s the only one I can trust to go.”</p>

  <p>Charles smiled bitterly. They’ve just began understanding Zhao Hai’s strength. Although some people in the family think that Zhao Hai was still far from being considered an expert in the External Hall, those present here knew that his strength wasn’t simple. The commanders began thinking that they might even fall behind.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai led Richard and the others towards the explosion. Before long, Zhao Hai discovered the scene. What surprised Zhao Hai was the fact that there weren’t any enemies at all. Instead, the explosion was caused by a fight between two groups from the Ashley Family’s scouts. They were divided into two, killing each other.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai wrinkled his brows. Then he sped up towards the fight. When he arrived at the scene, he immediately shouted, “Stop!”</p>

  <p>When the two sides saw someone coming, one of them smiled while the other’s expression changed. One group had 15 while the other had 35.</p>

  <p>Someone from the outnumbered side quickly said, “Brothers, quick, these people are Zhang Family spies. They want to kill us before going to the Zhang Family.”</p>

  <p>“Nonsense!” A person from the other side shouted, then he said, “Brother, don’t listen to his nonsense. They’re the ones from the Zhang Family. We caught them trying to catch the Zhang Family’s attention. If brother doesn’t want to help the Zhang Family, then please help us deal with them.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but knit his brows. It’s possible that one of them was telling the truth, but this wasn’t the time to fight. Zhao Hai looked at them and said, “I don’t care who is from the Zhang Family. You need to stop. Otherwise, you can’t blame me for being impolite.” However, the two sides didn’t stop. They kept attacking each other.</p>

  <p>Seeing this, Zhao Hai coldly snorted and said, “Then forgive me for not giving you face.” He waved his hand, making a 100-layer formation appear. Then he declared, “Darkness, capture!!”</p>

  <p>Along with Zhao Hai’s voice, the 100-layer formation changed into multitudes of long ropes. Then the ropes caught the two groups. No matter how much they struggled, nobody was able to break away.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at them and said, “Now, follow me. I’ll take you to see the commanders. If you still struggle, then it means that you’re from the Zhang Family.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s words were very effective. In no time, the captured stopped struggling. Zhao Hai looked at them and coldly smiled. Some of these people are truly sly. They want to disturb the water. But this time, they were mistaken.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai turned his head to Richard and said, “Let’s go back to see Brother Tie Sheng.” Richard nodded. Then he looked at the people captured by Zhao Hai in a cold gaze.</p>
</body>
</html>