<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1087: You’re From the Bone Symbol Camp?</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai inspected the robots. They were evidently much better than Tinkle. At the very least, the facial features of these robots were closer to being human. Their joints looked more flexible as well.</p>

  <p>Qi Yi looked at these robots with the looks that one might give a lover. Then he said, “All robots in this room are assembled by me. The parts used to make them are also slowly being processed by me, they’re not made by some huge company. These robots are my unique products.”</p>

  <p>Looking at Qi Yi’s expression, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sigh. Qi Yi truly had an unparalleled attraction to robots. All of these robots were actually made entirely by him. It was an amazing feat if you think about it.</p>

  <p>After some time, Qi Yi let out a long breath, then he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “You and me are destined to be friends. You can choose any one of these robots.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Qi Yi and smiled, “Alright, then I’ll have to thank you in advance. But since you made these robots, I’ll have to ask you to choose one that can match me the most. In any case, you’ll also be the one to modify them.”</p>

  <p>When he heard Zhao Hai, Qi Yi couldn’t help but ask, “You trust me that much?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Just like you said, we’re destined to be friends. And from what I can see, you’re a guy I can trust.”</p>

  <p>Qi Yi suddenly laughed, “Alright, then it’s settled. You can come back three days later. I can assure you that you won’t be disappointed by your robot. Let’s head out.” Zhao Hai didn’t say anything else and just followed Qi Yi out of the room.</p>

  <p>Outside the workshop, Zhao Hai looked at Qi Yi and said, “Qi Yi, with your ability, you should be capable enough to make your own company. Why do you only have a small shop in the academy?”</p>

  <p>Qi Yi forced a smile as he replied, “Supporting this academy is the Ashley Family’s Bone Symbol Camp. I’m from the camp myself. However, I don’t like magic and would prefer studying robots. People like me won’t get accepted anywhere except the Bone Symbol Camp. This shop isn’t even mine. I don’t operate this shop to make money, I’m just handling it on behalf of the camp.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t expect Qi Yi to also be part of the Bone Symbol Camp. He looked at Qi Yi and said, “I’ve just recently heard about the Bone Symbol Camp. I heard that this ascending point is controlled by them. Are you an ascender as well?”</p>

  <p>Qi Yi just gave a bitter smile as he answered, “How is that possible. With my skill, I won’t even be able to ascend. As you can see, my talent is just ordinary. However, I like to research robots. And the ones I make aren’t inferior to the ones made by huge companies. Because of this ability, I was able to be recruited by the Bone Symbol Camp. In my opinion, the Machine Realm is just like the lower realms. There are powerful beings and then there are the commoners. I’m just a commoner in this realm, not any different from commoners from the lower realms. If not for my talent in robotics, it would be impossible for me to be invited by the Bone Symbol Camp’s leader.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Qi Yi in confusion, then he asked, “Why did you join the Bone Symbol Camp?”</p>

  <p>Qi Yi smiled and said, “Doesn’t your lower realm have a division between nobles and commoners? If you are a commoner and then suddenly you’ve been invited by a noble to join their clan, wouldn’t you accept?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai began to understand Qi Yi’s decision, he nodded and said, “I understand. But is the Bone Symbol camp good? I heard that they’re somewhat declining.”</p>

  <p>Qi Yi coldly snorted and said, “Bone Symbol Camp hasn’t declined. However, it’s just different from the other camps who employ brutal training methods. In the Bone Symbol Camp, everyone is a friend, a brother. The camp leader never eliminates anybody and had everyone play to their strengths. In the other camps, everyone is an enemy and competitor. Every camp would add people to their numbers every year, some even reaching 100 people annually. Those who survive will be recruited. The Bone Symbol Camp doesn’t follow this path. Aside from deaths during battle, nobody dies when training. Because of this, the Bone Symbol Camp is somewhat weaker than the other camps, making it seem like we’re declining.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded. Looking at Zhao Hai’s response, Qi Yi’s eyes couldn’t help but shine as he said, “Why don’t you join the Bone Symbol Camp? That would be fantastic. If that is the case, then I will give the robot to you for free.”</p>

  <p>When he heard Qi Yi, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh. Qi Yi was truly a straightforward person. Although he understood some worldly wisdom, he still falls short compared to those old foxes.</p>

  <p>If other powers wanted to recruit Zhao Hai, the conditions they would provide would certainly be very good. Compared to those offers, a little robot would be nothing. However, Zhao Hai can see the Bone Symbol Camp’s attitude by looking at Qi Yi.</p>

  <p>If nobody protected people like Qi Yi when they entered other camps, then they would certainly be long dead. Qi Yi living up to this point was actually an abnormality.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Then give me a good one. I have already promised Instructor Margaret to join the Bone Symbol Camp. The people we’re going to dine with will also be joining the camp. If there’s a chance, I’ll have them visit so that they can have their robot butlers be modified too.”</p>

  <p>Qi Yi patted his chest and said, “Just hand them over to me. I might not be good at anything else. But when it comes to robots, there’s nothing I can’t accept. Have all of them send their robots over.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gave a nod. Then after leaving Tinkle behind, he left the shop to explore the other shops. It can be said that this area had too many stores. But this time, Zhao Hai didn’t buy anything. He was a lower realm ascender with no backers. If he showed-off by wantonly buying a lot of things, then people might begin to get suspicious.</p>

  <p>Moreover, things sold in these stores would certainly be available anywhere else in the Machine Field. As long as he graduated from the academy, he could just buy what he wants outside. Therefore, there’s no need to be anxious at this time.</p>

  <p>One hour passed and lunch time was approaching, so Zhao Hai returned to Qi Yi’s shop. Seeing Zhao Hai return, Qi Yi immediately invited him in and said, “Come, take a look at your robot.” Then he took Zhao Hai to the workshop.</p>

  <p>Upon entering, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare. In the middle of the room was a robot. He could see from its head that it was Tinkle, but the body seems to be new, making Tinkle more pleasing to look at.</p>

  <p>Looking at Zhao Hai’s reaction, Qi Yi proudly smiled and said, “What do you think? The robot now has an automatic solar charging system as well as a noise suppression upgrade. Most importantly, I’ve installed an anti-surveillance device inside to make sure that nobody will monitor you. Take it, return for your other robot in three days.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai laughed and said, “Alright. Thank you, Ah Yi. Don’t forget our evening meal.”</p>

  <p>Qi Yi waved his hand and said, “Don’t worry, I won’t forget.”</p>

  <p>After that, Zhao Hai brought Tinkle to the academy’s cafeteria. Dins and the others were already waiting for him inside. Currently, Dins and the others also have their own instructors. However, since their instructors were part-time, they weren’t as approachable as Margaret. Nevertheless, the old Mages still take their regular classes.</p>

  <p>Seeing Zhao Hai arrive, Dins immediately called him over. Dins and the others were also quick to discover Tinkle’s changes. Dins looked at Tinkle and said, “Little Hai, did you have Tinkle modified? It looks very good.”&#160;</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai faintly smiled and said, “It really does. There’s a special robot shop in the market that can modify your robots. I’ve reached an agreement with the shop’s manager to have your robots be modified as well.”&#160;</p>

  <p>Dins and the others had already regarded Zhao Hai as one of them. They also knew that Zhao Hai didn’t lack money. Because of this, they didn’t decline his goodwill. Dins nodded and said, “Alright, when do we send the robots?”&#160;</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “This afternoon. I’ve invited the manager to have dinner with us. You can use this chance to have your robots modified. By tomorrow, you should be able to get them back.”</p>

  <p>Dins stared, he looked confused as he asked, “Do you know the manager? You even asked him to have dinner?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “It’s nothing special. I just talked to him and judging by his character, I decided to invite him to dinner. He’s also a Machine Field native. Talking to him will give us more understanding about the Machine Field.”</p>

  <p>Dins nodded, “Alright, we’ll go meet him. Having friends here will give us advantages in the future. After all, the academy doesn’t teach us everything.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he looked at the others and said, “How about we meet here at 5 o’clock. Then we’ll set off to the store to look for Qi Yi. Don’t forget to bring your robots. You’re going to leave them behind so that Qi YI can modify them.”</p>

  <p>Dins and the others nodded. However, the faces of several people don’t seem quite right. Zhao Hai mentioned modifying their robots multiple times now. These old men were also old foxes, so they knew that Zhao Hai might be hinting at something. However, none of them said anything as though they didn’t get anything from what Zhao Hai said.&#160;</p>

  <p>After lunch, Zhao Hai returned to his room. Upon entering, Zhao Hai turned to Tinkle and said, “Tinkle, inspect the room. See whether there are any surveillance devices hidden inside.” Tinkle responded, “Yes, Young Master.”&#160;</p>

  <p>Then Tinkle’s eyes emitted flashing red lights as they scanned the entire room. After some time, Tinkle stopped and said, “Young Master, there are no monitoring devices inside the room. You can rest assured.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he began to relax. However, he didn’t immediately let Laura and the others out. Instead, he sat down and practiced his magic formations. At the same time, he had Cai’er monitor Qi Yi’s actions to see if he was really sincere in helping him modify his robot. If Qi Yi changed anything, then Zhao Hai will not take Laura and the others out.</p>
</body>
</html>