<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 642: Demon Realm Aura?</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “The General doesn’t need to worry about it. There are ways of dealing with the chilling cold. Those octopus really do have a great use to me. If General has anything else to do, then I won’t be holding you back. You don’t need to worry much about me, I can manage on my own.”</p>

  <p>Luo Ying knew from Zhao Hai’s words that there was no way for her to stop him, so she didn’t say anything else. After all, Zhao Hai has already revealed his strength, he had the qualifications to do whatever he wants.</p>

  <p>After exchanging a few more words with Luo Ying, Zhao Hai left the Azure Dragon Snail. He was now ready to catch those Devil Octopi. These beings grow up to be 9th ranks, almost not any worse than Dragons. This fact made Zhao Hai very curious.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t immediately go catch some octopus after leaving Luo Ying. Instead, he returned to the Space and observed if the Sea Dragons have been properly settled in.</p>

  <p>However, he didn’t go and personally see the Sea Dragons and just looked at them through the monitor. Upon seeing that they had settled down quite well, Zhao Hai felt relief. After all, they were in the sea, at the same time, they also had all the room that they want.</p>

  <p>Then Zhao Hai switched the image on the monitor to see Mermaid Island’s situation. He didn’t expect the Dragons and the Radiant Church to be prompt in their attack of the Island. Zhao Hai wanted to see the state that the Island has been turned into.</p>

  <p>When he saw Mermaid Island, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare. It wasn’t destroyed due to the attack, it was the exact opposite, he couldn’t see any traces of battle. It seems like nothing happened, this scene showed Zhao Hai how strong the Fishmen were.</p>

  <p>From Luo Ying’s words, Zhao Hai knew that the ones who attacked Mermaid Island were the people from the alliance between the Dragon Clan and the Radiant Church. But there were only limited ways in order to attack the island. First was by using ships, but this was impossible. Aside from the Buda Clan, no other power would be able to navigate the sea in order to head towards Mermaid Island.</p>

  <p>The second method was by flying, which can be done by the Dragon Clan. However, it would be impossible for them to have the tolerance to ferry people over on their backs. Therefore, the attack on Mermaid Island could only be done by 9th rank experts.</p>

  <p>Being assaulted by 9th rank experts but not leaving a trace of battle was a testament to the might of the Mermaid Clan. Ninth rank experts aren’t easy people to deal with.</p>

  <p>Seeing that nothing happened on the island, Zhao Hai felt relief. He was now preparing to catch a Devil Octopus, then he would go and see the situation of the Soul Sucking Reef. He wanted to find out why Fishmen weren’t able to leave that place.</p>

  <p>As soon as he searched through these two places, Zhao Hai would return back to the Continent. But before heading back to land, he still needed to pay the Mermaid Queen a visit. And while doing so, he would try and see if he can learn about their art of Water Refining. Zhao Hai really wanted to learn the technique.</p>

  <p>After recalling all of these in his mind, Zhao Hai determined his itinerary. First he would catch a Devil Octopus, this was a simple task, the trench was just a short distance away. Although theses beasts were 9th ranks, it was impossible for them to pose a threat to Zhao Hai. He plans to catch two of these beasts and see if they can upgrade the Space.</p>

  <p>Upon thinking it through, Zhao Hai returned to the Space to rest for the entire day. The next morning, he had the Blade Scale Whale proceed towards the Devil Octopus’ domain.</p>

  <p>In the sea, this trench has its own special name, it’s called Devil’s Trench. It was because it was the place where the Devil Octopi reside, and at the same time, because it was a place that was very dangerous. Therefore, the Fishmen decided to name it as thus.[1]</p>

  <p>It didn’t take long before Zhao Hai reached the mouth of the trench. This trench didn’t have any special appearance, it looks just like an extremely deep canyon. However, Zhao Hai can feel the cold aura being released by the trench. It was enough for a person to shiver with fright.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai is a 9th rank expert, and for someone of his level to feel this explains that this place was something dangerous.</p>

  <p>At this time, Cai’er’s voice was suddenly heard, “Young Master, I can feel the aura of the Demon Realm here. Especially inside that trench, the Demon Realm aura that I can feel there is very thick.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, then his expression changed as he said, “Really? Can you really feel the Demon Realm in this trench?”</p>

  <p>Cai’er came from the Demon Realm, she was a plant that grows normally there. Because of that, she was extremely familiar to the aura of that place. Zhao Hai trusted her words, but he was not willing to believe it. If that was really the case, then this trench might be associated with the Demon Realm. This meant that this place might become a battlefield in the future.</p>

  <p>Cai’er insisted, “Young Master, there really is an aura of the Demon Realm here. And it gets stronger the deeper you go in.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, it seems like coming here was a good idea. Let’s go and take a look.” Then he directed the Blade Scale Whale to go down to the bottom of the trench.</p>

  <p>The deeper they went, the darker the surroundings became. Zhao Hai was now 500 meters into the trench, and not a single ray of light can be seen here. Zhao Hai can see some beasts in the distance, but they were different from those that he had seen in the surface. From what he can see, these beasts looked more fierce and aggressive compared to those at the top.</p>

  <p>At this time, Laura and the others had arrived at Zhao Hai’s side together with Cai’er. Since the place might be related to the Demon Realm, Zhao Hai had Cai’er come out and talk to them about that place. Only Cai’er had concrete understanding about the Demon Realm.</p>

  <p>Upon seeing these magic beasts, Cai’er turned her head to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, these magic beasts are already demonized.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was confused at what Cai’er just said, “Demonized? What’s that?”</p>

  <p>Cai’er replied, “The Demon Realm has a very unusual toxin. This toxin will start to affect beings and change their appearances. Look at these beasts for example, it was possible that they are only ordinary magic beasts. But because they were subjected to the aura of the Demon Realm, they had turned into their current form. They had become more formidable, however, they also turned more aggressive due to the toxin.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai extended a spike from the Blade Scale Whale and captured a small fish. This small fish was only the size of Zhao Hai’s palm. However, a third of its body was its head, and two thirds of this head was its giant mouth. This small fish was still struggling and would oftentimes open its mouth, revealing its saber-like teeth. It also flashed a blue radiance, showing that its attacking strength was quite strong.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai waved his hand and sent the small fish to the Space. He wanted to see how the Space valued such things. And just as the fish entered the Space, a prompt was heard, “Seriously polluted mutant fish has been detected. Such organisms have strong survivability, strong attacking ability, strong defensive ability. Extracting its toxin, changing organism’s temperament. Integrating properties into lifeforms in the Space. Toxin has been combined to the Space’s insecticide. Enhancing all toxic lifeforms in the Space. Increasing survival capabilities of the lifeforms inside the Space.”</p>

  <p>This prompt informed Zhao Hai that the Space has identified these creatures as ‘polluted’. To be honest, it was quite a suitable classification.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai grasped other mutant magic beasts inside the trench and had them sent over to the Space. The prompt that he heard was similar, this made Zhao Hai lost interest in these mutant magic beasts.</p>

  <p>At this time, Zhao Hai had already penetrated 1000 meters deep into the trench. Everything around him was pitch black. If they didn’t have a monitor, then they wouldn’t be able to see anything outside.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the monitor and saw that the mutant magic beasts were getting fewer and fewer. But the strengths of those who were present has been getting stronger and stronger. They also looked more and more fearsome.</p>

  <p>At this time, Laura suddenly issued an astonished tone. Then she pointed to a place outside the Blade Scale Whale as she said, “Brother Hai, look, there seems to be a bright spot there.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, then he turned to look at what Laura pointed out. Currently there was a light that repeatedly flashed. In this jet black environment, it looked like a single small star.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai seemed to notice that this star had gotten brighter and brighter, it seems like it was approaching them.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai immediately looked at the monitor and saw a strange fish appear in front of his eyes. It looked terrifying, it was about two meters long, its body was covered with spikes. It also had a pair of small red eyes, its mouth was big and had fangs of different lengths. Most importantly, on the top of its head was a long spike, but it seems like it wasn’t hard but instead was soft of which an organ was hanging. Zhao Hai felt strange since this organ was the one that was flashing its lights. It looks just like a faulty lantern.</p>

  <p>At this time, Zhao Hai saw another small fish approaching. Zhao Hai was curious about this small fish, he didn’t know why it was swimming towards them. Then suddenly, the small fish went towards the flashing organ of the strange fish. And just as the small fish approached the organ, the strange fish suddenly opened its mouth, its tongue flew out and stretched. Before long, the small fish was nowhere to be seen.</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">* * *</p>

  <p>Named it as Death Pit before, I’ve changed it.</p>
</body>
</html>