<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 461: What Does He Plan To Do?</h3>

  <p>Laura and the others were also paying attention to Zhao Hai. When Megan saw Jason come in along with the Crown Prince, she immediately told Laura and the others about him. Because of this, Laura was looking at Zhao Hai’s direction, they were afraid that Jason would embarrass Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>However, what happened next was not what they expected. When they saw Zhao Hai and Jason speaking cheerfully, Laura and Megan couldn’t help but look at each other before faintly smiling. They didn’t say anything, but they knew that the other party was fully confident in Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>At this time, Lizzy arrived by Megan and said, “Megan, did you know what Zhao Hai said? Why did that bastard Jason chat with him? You already know how he doesn’t give anyone face.”</p>

  <p>Megan looked at Lizzy and couldn’t help but smile. Jason was truly an odd person, someone who didn’t care about other people’s face. This seemed to annoy Lizzy, which led to her calling Jason a bastard.</p>

  <p>Megan shook her head and said, “I also don’t know. However, from what I’ve learned about Jason, he surely didn’t utter any words of praise. On the other hand, I’m quite sure that Big Brother Hai didn’t care. Haha.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy looked at Megan, confused, then she said, “Care? In such situation, why wouldn’t he care about being embarrassed? Isn’t he courageous and upright?”</p>

  <p>Megan smiled and said, “What’s strange about that? Will refraining from being courageous and upright make the emperor mad? As a person, Jason isn’t bad, he just says things that nobody wants to hear. Think about it, what he always says is the most glaring flaw of a person. At this point, there are very few people who would like to listen to the truth. But unfortunately for them, Brother Hai wants to mingle with people who were quite frank. I think that because of this, Jason got along very well with Brother Hai.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy looked strangely at Megan, then she went forward and whispered, “Megan, are you really happy with Zhao Hai? I couldn’t see anything special about him. Although he isn’t ugly, he isn’t handsome either, he’s very ordinary. There are a lot better guys in the world. You’re also sharing your man along with other women, are you really fine?”</p>

  <p>Megan smiled and said, “What are you asking that? Brother Hai is very exceptional, outsiders simply cannot understand it. Let’s stop talking about this, let’s go eat something, I’m quite hungry.”</p>

  <p>Charlie was similarly paying attention to Zhao Hai. He really cared about Zhao Hai so it was natural for him to give him more attention. Charlie also knew about Jason, so he was worried about Zhao Hai’s reaction.</p>

  <p>Aside from Charlie, the Crown Prince was keeping an eye as well. Actually, he was telling the truth before, he really met Jason along the way. Terry and him were together, and when they saw Jason, they decided to take him along as well.</p>

  <p>The Crown Prince wanted Charlie to misunderstand Jason. If Charlie starts offending the Crook Family for this matter, the Crown Prince would move in and help the family. Then he could place it as the Crooks owing him a favor.</p>

  <p>But now it seems that his plans were destroyed by Zhao Hai. The Crown Prince was clear that Jason’s mouth wasn’t something that a normal person can take. He didn’t think that Zhao Hai would only say a few words to deal with Jason. This completely destroyed his plan.</p>

  <p>Thinking about this, the Crown Prince’s eyes couldn’t help but show a cold light. He was now somewhat envious of Charlie. Why would such an outstanding person arrive at Charlie’s hands. If Zhao Hai becomes the Crown Prince’s subordinate, then he would surely have 90% chance of inheriting the throne.</p>

  <p>But it seems that Zhao Hai cannot be his subordinate anymore. So the only way forward was to exterminate him. He must be eliminated. If Zhao Hai survives, then the threat that he could present would be too great.</p>

  <p>Seeing Zhao Hai and Jason’s expressions, Charlie couldn’t help but be surprised. Jason was difficult to get along with. But Zhao Hai actually did it, this was something very unexpected.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and Jason chatted and drank together, they were enjoying themselves too much that they completely disregarded Terry. However, Terry still stuck with Zhao Hai, he was like honey sticking on skin.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t understand what Terry was trying to do, but he knew that the more Terry does this, the more he showed that he had something in his heart. Zhao Hai was now even more certain that Terry wanted to deal with him, probably in this banquet.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but frown while thinking about this. He really wants to know how Terry plans to deal with him. After all, this is Charlie’s mansion, if he wanted to do something to Zhao Hai, it would be very difficult.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai was disappointed, the banquet was already halfway, but there wasn’t any movement. At this moment, there were men and women on the middle of the hall, dancing.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t dance, so he just stayed at the sides with a glass of wine in his hand. Jason sat beside him, as well as Terry.</p>

  <p>Looking at the dancing men and women, Jason couldn’t help but look disdainfully as he said to Zhao Hai, “Little Hai, I heard that you have three fiancees. Moreover, people said that they are quite the beauties. Is Megan, one of the two Imperial Flowers, the most attractive one?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Jason. To be honest, Zhao Hai really enjoyed chatting with the guy. Jason didn’t act like a noble, he was more like Zhao Hai’s friends back on earth; those types who always give you bad influence. This made Zhao Hai feel interested in him.</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Jason’s question, Zhao Hai smiled and said, “What? You’re jealous? I tell you, don’t rely on your height, nor your face too much. When it comes to female interaction, you are very far from me.”</p>

  <p>Jason scowled at Zhao Hai, “You’re too proud. I don’t believe that with my character and appearance, I would be worse than you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “What’s the matter? Now that you can’t beat me with quality, you battle me in quantity? In that case, you have me beat. However, other nobles already know about you. And since were talking about character, look at that guy over there. If he heard you just now, he would be laughing so hard that his golden teeth would fall off.” Then he pointed to an old noble on the other side of the hall.</p>

  <p>In the Ark Continent, having gold teeth was starting to get popular. The man that Zhao Hai pointed to was intently watching the noble women dancing on the hall with an open mouth. Saliva was flowing out, enough amount for 100 people to watch in their entire lives. He looked very dreadful.</p>

  <p>Jason was drinking when Zhao Hai pointed towards the old noble. When he saw the old man, he couldn’t help but spew out the liquid in his mouth. He choked again and again while Zhao Hai laughed at the side.</p>

  <p>Terry looked at Jason and Zhao Hai’s scene and couldn’t help but feel disdain. At the same time, he couldn’t understand what Megan found in Zhao Hai. To Terry, there was nothing good about this man.</p>

  <p>After quite some time, Jason recovered, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “This fellow, he was just quite an ordinary man before, how can he be…”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at him and said, “Secretly perverted, right?”</p>

  <p>When he heard what Zhao Hai said, Jason’s eyes went bright as he said, “Right, right, secretly perverted, hahaha, you really know your stuff. I guess you’re quite knowledgeable about yourself.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai scowled and said, “Get lost, and take your smelly mouth along with you, I can’t bear hearing anything from it anymore. Right, while waiting for God’s Grace Day, do you have any plans? Will you join the daily banquets in the capital? What do you plan to do? How about going to the sea with me while enjoying the view.”</p>

  <p>Jason didn’t think that Zhao Hai would have such a proposal. He stared, at the same time, he felt strange. He only knew Zhao Hai for a bit less than two hours, but it felt like he knew him for dozens of years. Jason has never met anyone this rude to him. This made him really surprised.</p>

  <p>But he immediately replied, “Good, then I’ll go with you to the sea. I’ll take this chance to see how you do your business so that I can overthrow you in the future.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai frowned at him and said, “Go on, if you have the ability then I’d be happy. Alright, when it’s time to go, I’ll have someone inform you. At that time, you must not decline.”</p>

  <p>Jason actually knit his brows and he said, “That may be hard to say, you know my status, I’m not as free as you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Alright, but if you have time, do tell me, I’ll take you out. If you don’t have any, then forget it. I want to find someone to play with, you’re quite fortunate that I haven’t found one yet.”</p>

  <p>Jason also knew Zhao Hai’s situation, he just smiled bitterly and didn’t say anything. At this moment, Zhao Hai noticed the Crown Prince and Charlie heading towards the backyard, probably to discuss something.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai wrinkled his brows, but he didn’t say anything. Instead, he ordered Cai’er in his mind to pay attention to their situation.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai also paid attention to Laura and the others, who were still with Lizzy. They were all beautiful women, so they were very noticeable inside the hall. Many men passed by, asking them to dance, only to be disappointed when they got refused.</p>

  <p>After a while, a servant came by their side and spoke a few words to Lizzy. Lizzy stood up and said a few words to Laura and the others before leaving.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai wasn’t interested in Lizzy, he already had three fiance’s, he was already satisfied. He also thought that Lizzy’s status wasn’t something that he could handle.</p>

  <p>At this moment, Zhao Hai was really hating himself for not knowing how to dance. Otherwise, he would have invited Laura and the others. Unfortunately, the past Adam wasn’t very good at dancing. Because of this, nobody asked him to dance during parties. And adding on to the fact that he didn’t like to practice dancing, this made dancing even more foreign to him.</p>

  <p>There was nothing else to say about Zhao Hai. Back on Earth, he was just a nerd. At the same time, there was almost nobody who practiced traditional dance. If he went up to people while jumping around, he would certainly get strange looks.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but regretfully sigh. He thought that he was a bit unfair to Laura and the others. Girls generally want to attend the dances in a banquet. They liked showing off their graceful side. But it was a pity that Zhao Hai didn’t know how to dance, so they can only sit on the sides.</p>

  <p>Jason noticed Zhao Hai’s appearance. He smiled faintly and said, “What’s the matter? You want to dance with your fiance’s? Then why don’t you go over and invite them?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at him with and blank look, “You don’t need to mind my business. If I don’t want to dance, then I won’t dance. I quit dancing a long time ago.”</p>

  <p>Jason looked at Zhao Hai with a shocked face, “You won’t dance? Or is it that you can’t dance? Isn’t that the most basic lesson that is taught to all nobles? Why can’t you do it?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai snorted and said, “The one who my family asked to teach me was an old man. I like pretty girls at that time, and wasn’t interested in the old man. Because of that, I had the old man chased away. From then on, nobody dared to teach me how to dance.”</p>

  <p>When Jason heard Zhao Hai’s response, he couldn’t help but laugh and said, “Brother, you’re very good. I didn’t think of that, it’s a great idea. Chasing the teacher away, I’ll try that next time.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai rolled his eyes and shifted his attention towards the men and women who were dancing in the middle. This Jason really brings you bad influence.</p>

  <p>At this time, a servant arrived at Zhao Hai’s side and said, “Mister, His Highness is waiting in the backyard. He has sent for you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said to Jason, “I’ll have to go.” Then he turned to Terry and said, “Brother Terry, I’ll be leaving for a moment.”</p>

  <p>Terry smiled and said, “Go, go, we will wait for you here.” Maybe it was just in Zhao Hai’s mind, but Terry actually sounded overly enthusiastic. This confused Zhao Hai, at the same time, he also raised his guards up.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai walked towards the backyard along with the servant. The servant took two turns and three more before they arrived at a small room. After Zhao Hai sat down, the servant poured him a cup of tea before saying, “Please wait here, mister. His Majesty will first escort the Crown Prince away before he will come here.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, he looked at the servant and said, “The Crown Prince is leaving?”</p>

  <p>The servant nodded and said, “He is, since his Highness the Crown Prince is leaving, His Highness the Third Prince is going to escort him. I’ll have to ask mister to wait a bit.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai deeply looked at the servant’s eyes. After serving him tea, the servant immediately withdrew from the room. The reason why Zhao Hai stared at the servant was because the servant was lying. Cai’er just told him that Charlie was still chatting with the Crown Prince. This meant that the Crown Prince was still not leaving.</p>

  <p>Why did he lie? What does he want to do? Zhao Hai was full of questions in his heart. If it wasn’t for the servant being familiar with Charlie’s mansion, Zhao Hai would’ve thought that the man was the Crown Prince’s subordinate. But seeing how the servant led him as well as his familiarity with serving the mansion’s tea, Zhao Hai was even more confused.</p>

  <p>At this time, Cai’er suddenly told Zhao Hai that the servant didn’t walk away. Instead, he just hid in the corner of the courtyard, making sure that nobody would notice him.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai now understood why the servant didn’t close the door. This was in order to see his situation. Zhao Hai was now even more skeptical about the identity of the servant. What was he planning to do?</p>
</body>
</html>