<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 955: I Have a Request</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai sat calmly on the ship’s deck. There was a small table on the side of his reclining chair with a cup of tea on top of it. Zhao Hai also held a book in his hand, one couldn’t help but see him as being unfettered and free.</p>

  <p>His chair was made from his staff. Zhao Hai felt that sitting this way on the ship’s deck would make him look comfortable. This was to let the foreign races know that he wasn’t worried too much about their matter.</p>

  <p>Laura and the others weren’t outside. Instead, it was Bingya’s group who stood beside Zhao Hai. The trio were becoming more and more respectful to Zhao Hai. They didn’t expect Zhao Hai to have a thing as magical as the Space. To be honest, they couldn’t wait to move their family.</p>

  <p>At this time, Zhao Hai suddenly smiled. The book he was reading was just a book about magical formations, there wasn’t anything much about it. The reason why Zhao Hai had this book was just to let the Patriarch see that he was reading it.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled because he knew that that Patriarchs had arrived. However, Zhao Hai didn’t go out and just lied down on his chair, reading his book. It looks like he wasn’t able to notice the visitors that arrived.</p>

  <p>Before long, a group of people appeared in the sky. Being the representative, Bingya turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, they’re here.” Zhao Hai already had talked to them about what to do in advance.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t think about retaliating against the foreign races. There was no need to be spiteful. After all, Zhao Hai still needs to cooperate with them. Before he achieved his goals, then Zhao Hai would have to play nice. As for after that, nobody knows.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai placed his book on the small table before looking at the flying foreign races. The group was already quite nearby. Zhao Hai waved his hand, making the Hell King’s ship fly upwards to meet the guests.</p>

  <p>Before long, Zhao Hai arrived in front of the foreign races. In front of the group was a Lion Beastman, then a Dwarf was to his left while an Elf was to the right.</p>

  <p>The three leaders were also sizing Zhao Hai up. The two sides didn’t speak. After some time, the Lion bowed slightly towards Zhao Hai. He looked like an iron rod as he bowed, he looked very stiff, every move was done very laboriously. It can be said that he just made a light leaning motion as he said, “Beastman Patriarch Solomon has seen Mister Zhao Hai.”</p>

  <p>Compared to the Lion, the Dwarf was much more polite as he bowed and said, “Dwarf Patriarch Leir has met Mister Zhao Hai.” The Elven woman also gave a bow and introduced herself, “Elf Yerd has seen Mister Zhao Hai.” The Elf Queen’s attitude towards Zhao Hai was better than the Beastman but worse than the Dwarf. Because of this, Zhao hai couldn’t figure out which side she was on.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai can see how intimate these people felt towards him judging by their attitudes. Zhao Hai had a good feeling about the Dwarf Patriarch. However, separating them at this time would be impossible.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai also gave a bow and said, “Zhao Hai has seen the Patriarchs. I didn’t expect the three Patriarch to pay me a personal visit. I’ll have to invite you to share a few cups with me on the ship.”</p>

  <p>After being invited by Zhao Hai to embark, the three people looked at each other before they nodded. Then the trio descended to the Hell King’s ship. While on the ship, Zhao Hai waved his hand, producing three additional chairs.</p>

  <p>After the three were asked to sit down, Laura and the others walked out of their room. On each of their hands were dishes and some wine.</p>

  <p>Upon seeing this display, the three Patriarchs knew that Zhao Hai had been prepared. The Patriarchs couldn’t help but get stunned. Then the three turned towards where Bingya and the others were. Bingya just shook his head gently before turning to look at Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Naturally, Zhao Hai saw their movements. Zhao Hai looked at the Patriarchs and smiled, “I’ll have to apologize to you three. Before, when I came to the Foreign race territory, I left because of a little bit of anger. I regretted my action at that time. And now that the Patriarchs came to personally visit, I couldn’t help but feel ashamed.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Solomon looked more arrogant, Lier looked quite ashamed, while Yerd seems unresponsive, however, a glint flashed through her eyes.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai immediately knew what was going on upon seeing their reaction. Solomon thought that Zhao Hai admitted defeat. While Lier thought that Zhao Hai was satirizing them. As for Yerd, Zhao Hai didn’t know what she was currently thinking about.</p>

  <p>Solomon, with his proud expression, looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister came in to help us, we shouldn’t have taken things too far. It was only because the nine Supreme Elders had been very ferocious in their attack that we decided to be extra careful. If Mister misunderstood, then let this Solomon offer his apologies.” Although he said this, Solomon’s arrogant expression betrayed his apology.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “So the Patriarch is just being careful, this Zhao Hai can understand. So why did the Patriarchs come and see me today?”</p>

  <p>A flash of anger appeared in Solomon’s eyes. He thought that he had already given Zhao Hai face by his apology. Zhao Hai shouldn’t be acting ignorant at this time.</p>

  <p>However, Solomon was also aware that he couldn’t offend Zhao Hai at this moment. Therefore, he could only answer, “The three of us came today to invite Mister to the foreign race territory in order to cooperate with us in dealing with the nine Supreme Elders. What does Mister think?”</p>

  <p>Zhao hai smiled faintly and said, “Of course I agree. It’ll be great if we can deal with the nine Supreme Elders. But before I go and fight, I have a request that I’d like the three of you to agree first.”</p>

  <p>The trio looked at each other, they didn’t expect Zhao Hai to negotiate with them at this time. Solomon was angry, but he still had to suppress his temper, so he said, “Mister, please tell us.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai replied, “It’s this, since we will deal with the nine Supreme Elders, then after we’re done, their ultimate weapons would lose their masters. I’m not greedy, so the ultimate weapon would go to the ones who kill their master. Do you agree to this?”</p>

  <p>The three looked at each other before they all nodded. Although they want to obtain the ultimate weapons, they knew that if they didn’t accept Zhao Hai’s request, then Zhao Hai wouldn’t help them. Because of this, they could only agree to Zhao Hai’s condition.</p>

  <p>However, the three didn’t know that this wasn’t Zhao Hai’s request. His request wasn’t this simple, so Zhao Hai continued, “I happen to like researching things, this includes the Ultimate Weapons. If I’m able to get ultimate weapons in this fight, then I’d like to exchange it with your three clans so that I can do my research. This also includes the three ultimate weapons of your clan as well as the Scorpio ultimate weapon that I have. After I’m finished with my research, I will give all the ultimate weapons to you guys, including my Scorpio ultimate weapon.” Then Zhao Hai waved his hand as an ultimate weapon appeared on deck, it was the Scorpio combat suit.</p>

  <p>Although Zhao Hai’s conditions were very awkward, Solomon and the others could understand that Zhao Hai wanted the 13 ultimate weapons to be in his hands.</p>

  <p>This caused the three to get awkward. However, when they thought about Zhao Hai’s later conditions, they couldn’t help but feel that it was possible. After all, Zhao Hai was giving up the combat suit that he had.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s possession of the Scorpio combat suit was already known by the three Patriarchs. Even if Zhao Hai couldn’t obtain a combat suit in the upcoming battle, his own combat suit as a condition was already enough.</p>

  <p>Solomon looked at Zhao Hai and said, “If Mister wants to study the ultimate weapons for a few days, then do you need to have all of them in your hands?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “Of course not. I can study them one by one. This also depends on the number of ultimate weapons that I have. If I haven’t killed a Divine Supreme Elder, then I can research one ultimate weapon at a time. If I have two ultimate weapons, then I can research two at a time. But no matter how many ultimate weapons I have, my research wouldn’t take more than three days. What do you think?”</p>

  <p>No matter which angle Solomon and the others looked at it, this was a profitable trade for them. How could they just let go of this opportunity? The three looked at each other before Solomon turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, are you telling the truth?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Of course, I don’t need to lie. You can rest assured. In any case, you could always keep at least three ultimate weapons in your hand at all times. What do you need to be afraid of?”</p>

  <p>The three nodded simultaneously. Solomon looked at the other two, then after seeing their agreeing nod, he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Then we’ll accept Mister’s condition.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “Alright, then since we have reached an agreement, there’s no need to discuss anything more. Let’s go and deal with the Supreme Elders. Please have your guards enter the ship so that we can get going.”</p>

  <p>The three looked at Zhao Hai before turning their heads to their guards. All in all, their guards numbered 30 thousand people. How could all of them fit inside the ship? Wouldn’t Zhao Hai’s ship sink?</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai saw their doubtful expressions, but he just smiled and said, “Rest assured, my ship can fit all of us. Just order them to head in.” The three Patriarchs nodded before they waved their hands, commanding their guards to embark on the ship. Under the shocked gzes of the three Patriarchs, the Hell King’s ship acted like a bottomless vessel as it continuously took in all of the 30 thousand guards. The three curiously inspected the situation of their men only to find out that each guard had their own personal room. This caused the three Patriarchs to be startled.</p>
</body>
</html>