<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1236: Attacking The Main Bug Nest</h3>

  <p>Not only Zhao Hai, Xiong Li and the others were also surprised. They looked at Lu Dingtian in puzzlement. They had known Zhao Hai for a long time, even long before the elimination round. On the other hand, Lu Dingtian had just recently joined their group. Agreeing to Zhao Hai’s proposal that easily caused the others to feel that it was strange.</p>

  <p>Xiong Li was a person who wouldn’t withhold words, so he looked at Lu Dingtian and asked, “Old Lu, why did you accept Little Hai’s proposal that easily?”</p>

  <p>Li Dingtian gave a succinct answer, “I believe him.” He always talked simply, as if saying one more word would cause him to waste a lot of energy.</p>

  <p>However, when the others heard Lu Dingtian’s words, their eyes couldn’t help but brighten, then they all laughed. They raised the bottles and then took a huge drink.</p>

  <p>After placing his bottle down, Zhao Hai looked at Xiong Li and the others and said, “Brothers, it has been some time since we’ve known each other. We’re also used to each other’s temperament. And since we’re going together after the competition, I was thinking that we might as well become sworn brothers with different surnames.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Xiong Li and the others stared, then their expressions lit up. Xiong Li loudly agreed “Alright, then it’s settled. What do you all think?”</p>

  <p>“I agree!” “I agree!” “I agree!” “I agree!”</p>

  <p>Seeing that everyone agrees, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh, then he said, “Alright, then there’s no need to wait. Let’s do it right now.” He waved his hand and an additional table appeared in the cave. Zhao Hai waved once more,&#160; causing three bug legs to appear.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Xiong Li and the others and said, “Although I always bring food and drinks, I don’t have the habit of bringing incense. Brothers, let’s use these bug legs as incense. Is it fine if we use it to swear our brotherhood?”</p>

  <p>Xiong Li laughed and said, “Of course its fine. The important thing is our conviction. Even if we use soil and leaves, we can still swear on our brotherhood. Let’s do it.”</p>

  <p>Everyone knelt down before loudly expressing their oath, “With heaven as the witness, we brothers are willing to swear on each other. We shall be brothers of different surnames. We shall share sorrows and joys. We might not be born on the same day and year, but we swear to die together. With the heavens as the witness, we swear!”</p>

  <p>After saying the oath, everyone kowtowed towards the table and then stood up. Everyone proceeded to assign names to each other. Xiong Li would be known as First Brother. Lu Dingtian will be Second Brother, Dongfang Yu will be Third Brother, Li Kuangren will be Fourth Brother, Zhao Hai will be Fifth Brother, and Sun Fei will be Sixth Brother.</p>

  <p>Becoming sworn brothers made their relationship a layer closer. Zhao Hai received the table and then everyone ate and drank heavily. It was as if they weren’t inside a dangerous cave system.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai and the others were modest people.. After drinking two bottles of liquor, they began to eat and chat for a while. Then they proceeded to take a rest. They had undergone two battles in a day, so Xiong Li and the others were very tired. When they lied down, they immediately snored loudly.</p>

  <p>The reason why Xiong Li and the others dared to sleep like this was because they believed that Zhao Hai would take care of everything. Additionally, there were Undead guarding outside. This made them assured that they can sleep.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai also closed his eyes. He wasn’t worried at all. The eight-legged bugs and the bug nest were under the Space’s surveillance. It was impossible for them to be caught off-guard.</p>

  <p>The eight-legged bug nest seemed to feel that it was in danger. The queen nest was desperately laying eggs. More and more eight-legged bugs were born. And just like Zhao Hai said, ten thousand bugs were born in one day. However, this would also damage the vitality of the nest. At this point, the queen could no longer give birth to so many bugs.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and the others slept for about six hours. When they got up, they ate once more and then took a short break. At this time, Xiong Li said, “Little Hai, what do we do now? Are we going to attack the bug nest that you talked about?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Of course we will. After we deal with this bug nest, we can proceed to explore other areas. But at that time, we won’t be hunting bugs, but people from the other realms.”</p>

  <p>When Xiong Li and the others heard this, they quickly knew what Zhao Hai wanted to do. Once they deal with the bug nest, then it’s time to plunder other realms for their cultivation methods, especially the Cultivation Realm. They couldn’t help but laugh loudly, as though the upcoming battles weren’t a big deal.</p>

  <p>Of course they weren’t worried, Zhao Hai’s Undead were too powerful. Moreover, the nest they would be attacking wasn’t an advanced level nest. As long as Zhao Hai was willing, then he wouldn’t need any help in dealing with the bugs. Therefore, Xiong Li and the others had nothing to worry about.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai also doesn’t need to consider a lot of things in this attack. After two battles, Xiong Li and the others were able to adapt to their weapons. They wouldn’t need to participate in the following battles.</p>

  <p>When the time to attack the nest was close, Zhao Hai looked at Xiong Li and said, “Boss Xiong, are you still interested in fighting? If you’re not, then I’ll just clean them all up.”</p>

  <p>Xiong Li shook his head and said, “It’s fine, we won’t participate. In any case, I have already adapted to my new weapon. Also, fighting bugs is very boring, it’s a waste of time. Right, Little Hai, when we have free time, you should refine Second Brother Lu’s dagger-axe.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “After dealing with the nest, we’ll take a day off so that I can refine his weapon.”</p>

  <p>Then after he said that, Zhao Hai waved his hand, releasing Undead to attack the nest. Xiong Li and the others were no longer surprised with the number of Zhao Hai’s Undead. They were also no longer interested to find out the exact amount of Undead. They were afraid that they would be depressed when they do.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai wasn’t polite and directly released 100 thousand Undead to attack the eight-legged bugs. These Undead were added to the Undead already summoned before. This large number of Undead advanced towards the bug nest. He wanted to settle this matter as soon as possible.</p>

  <p>However, just as the battle began, Zhao Hai was stunned. This wasn’t because the eight-legged bugs had gotten stronger. These bugs were still insignificant in his eyes. What surprised him was the nest of the eight-legged bugs.</p>

  <p>The nest of the eight-legged bugs was a giant organic ball about 20 meters in diameter. This ball had two tubes extending below. These two tubes were arranged so that it would excrete masses that would slowly form into eight-legged bugs after several minutes. These two tubes that usually pointed to the ground were now raised. When the bugs and the Undead began to clash, these tubes suddenly fired two clumps of meat moistened by some mucus.</p>

  <p>When these two clumps of meat hit the Undead army, they suddenly exploded. The power of the explosion wasn’t weak. Each explosion killed nearly a hundred Undead.</p>

  <p>Seeing this happen, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare. The bug nest had just developed defensive turrets. These turrets needed to be removed first, otherwise they would make dealing with the bugs very difficult.</p>

  <p>When Xiong Li and the others saw Zhao Hai’s expression change, they knew that something must have happened. Xiong Li immediately asked, “Little Hai, did something happen? Did anybody else arrive?” They were no longer afraid of the bugs. What they were afraid of were people from other realms. Therefore, Xiong Li asked this question.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “No, I just encountered something tricky with the nest. I’ll take care of it. Don’t follow me, the situation is quite dangerous.” Then Zhao Hai’s figure moved as he entered the cave and then disappeared.</p>

  <p>Xiong Li looked at Zhao Hai’s departing back, his expression was ugly as he said, “Shit, I just swore that we would share sorrows. But now when things turn difficult, I can’t do anything. I really hate that I’m weak.”</p>

  <p>Dongfang Yu forced a smile and said, “Come on, Boss XIong, this makes me even more embarrassed. I’m now a Cultivator, but I still can’t do anything. Let’s just wait for Little Hai here, I’m sure he can take care of it. When this competition is over, we can work hard so that we can help Little Hai. Otherwise, this would really leave a bad taste in our mouths.”</p>

  <p>The others bitterly nodded, nobody said anything else. After swearing on their brotherhood, they were now of the same family. In this case, they can only watch Zhao Hai’s battle. Weirdly enough, this thought made them feel better.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai didn’t take in mind what Xiong Li and the others were thinking right now. The metal bombs that the bug nest fired were really powerful. If Xiong Li and the others came, and a bomb finds its way to them, then they won’t have any strength to block it.&#160;</p>

  <p>To be honest, Zhao Hai didn’t expect the bug nest to have this kind of offensive ability.&#160;</p>

  <p>Upon appearing in the bug nest, Zhao Hai ignored the eight-legged bugs and immediately flew towards the nest itself. Upon discovering Zhao Hai, the nest immediately readjusted the two tubes and aimed towards him. Then it fired several balls of meat one after another.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai waved his hand and released a 50-layer formation. Several fire dragons emerged and then met the balls of explosive meat.</p>

  <p>After several loud explosions, no bombs were able to reach Zhao Hai. Each bomb was detonated by the fire dragons. Zhao Hai used this time to appear above the organic mass that is the core of the nest.</p>

  <p>The organic mass probably felt danger as it immediately aimed its tubes to Zhao Hai once more. Zhao Hai smiled faintly as he waved his hand, causing a spatial rift to appear. Then the rift moved downwards, swallowing the organic mass as well as the eight-legged bugs nearby.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai discovered that the eight-legged bug’s queen nest cannot move at all. In addition to birthing eight-legged bugs, its only action was launching those meat bombs. Neither of these methods were able to protect itself from Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Once the queen nest was taken away by Zhao Hai, the eight-legged bugs lost their final support. However, the bugs continued fighting, but this time there was no longer any threat towards the Undead.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai relaxed and then shifted his attention towards the bug queen nest inside the Space. At this time, the nest was still inside the Space’s storage. With an intention, Zhao Hai caused the nest to appear inside an empty background.</p>

  <p>As soon as the queen nest appeared,&#160; a prompt was heard, “Low-level bug queen nest detected. This nest can only produce low-level bugs. It can absorb a small amount of gene material to improve bug’s combat power. However, this improvement is very limited and will still result in low combat power. It is recommended that the host transforms this nest into a meat bug farm. Once the transformation is done, meat bugs will be produced. These bugs have low combat power but they have delicious meat. Will the host transform the nest?”</p>

  <p>When he saw the result, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but bitterly smile. He didn’t expect the Space to suggest something like this. Not to mention this suggestion was actually good.</p>

  <p>Presently, there were a lot of demand for meat in the Space. Since the reproductive ability of this nest was very good, if he can produce shrimp and crabs from it, then it would definitely be a good choice.</p>

  <p>In any case, the nest was low-level and the fighting strength it possesses wasn’t very strong. Moreover, the Space has no need for eight-legged bugs right now. It was much better if it was transformed into a meat farm.</p>

  <p>With this thought in mind, Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Transform it.” The Space’s prompt was heard, “Host has agreed to transform the nest to a meat bug farm. Transformation will immediately begin. Asking the Host to wait for a moment.”</p>

  <p>A beep sounded before white light surrounded the queen nest. After a while, the white light disappeared. The nest reappeared on the ground. When Zhao Hai saw the nest, he couldn’t help but gawk at it. It looked much better and much larger than its previous form. It was now a huge ball about 50 meters in diameter. What surprised him the most was the exterior of the ball. It no longer looked like it was made with organic matter. Instead, the ball had a carapace that flashed with metallic light. It now looked like a huge metal ball.</p>

  <p>Below this metal ball were eight tubes. The diameter of these tubes was about a meter. The color and texture of these tubes were the same as the metal ball.</p>

  <p>But Zhao Hai knew that even if the ball looked like it was made of metal, it wasn’t metallic in nature-just a resemblance. As Zhao Hai looked at the metal ball, he said, “Cai’er.”</p>

  <p>Cai’er whizzed beside Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, what’s the matter?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gestured towards the nest and said, “Take a look. This thing is supposed to produce meat bugs. Find out what it needs and also find a way to control the amount of bugs produced. But first, let’s produce a batch and have a taste. It would be useless if it tastes bad.”</p>
</body>
</html>