<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 648: Startling Changes</h3>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai had no problems dealing with these two points. As for the high quality water, he has Bubble. At the same time, who else was suitable for controlling water than Bubble?</p>

  <p>Besides these two characteristics, there was also another property to this Water Refining Technique. It was that it was slow. Comparing Fire and Water Refining Techniques, Fire Refining Techniques were much faster. Fire Refining techniques uses fire to refine metals and other materials by hitting them with a hammer, removing impurities from these materials with each round of hammering.</p>

  <p>Water Refining technique also has the same process but it uses water instead of fire. Naturally, control of water was extremely important in this process. If one was bad at control, then they would risk the destruction of the material, making it unable to be used anymore. Water Refining technique might remove impurities, however, it actually doesn’t change the composition of the material, instead, it actually makes it much stronger and sturdier.</p>

  <p>An advantage to Water Refining technique that was different from Fire Refining techniques was that the usage of water makes it possible to refine more types of materials compared to using fire.</p>

  <p>Actually, the Humans also have some sort of Water Refining technique. For example, spear shafts, these shafts were needed to be immersed in water before they were going to be used. After a lot of steps, these would then be qualified to be part of a spear. If one were to look at it, then it was exactly like refining that used water. However, this method was different. The Water Refining technique of the Fishmen was used to get rid of impurities, while the Water Refining technique of Humans was just to make their spear shafts much tougher.</p>

  <p>On the other hand, the Fishmen also used Human techniques in their refining. While using their refining techniques, they would also incorporate many materials together in order to make new and improved items.</p>

  <p>After reading through the Water refining scroll, Zhao Hai sighed. This Water Refining technique is truly a one of a kind technique. In fact, Zhao Hai believed that Humans might be able to use it, but in a lower probability of success. Purifying water can be done through distillation, the only problem would be the control of water.</p>

  <p>But all of these wasn’t a problem for Zhao Hai. The reason why the Mermaids created this Water Refining technique was so that they wouldn’t rely on Human-made weapons. Therefore, most of the materials used in this technique originated in the Sea. And since Zhao Hai had the Space’s ocean, he had the proper requirements to perform the technique.</p>

  <p>Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, you don’t need to be anxious. The Divine Race wouldn’t be coming soon.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled bitterly, he knew that Laura was just doing this in order to comfort him. And how can he not be anxious, the Radiant Church and the Dragon Clan’s moves had become more and more frequent. Zhao Hai reckoned that the time of the Divine Race’s move was not far.</p>

  <p>After thinking about this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but loudly sigh. Then he turned to Laura and said, “Let’s go and take a walk before resting. Then we’ll head to Mermaid Island tomorrow.” Laura and the others didn’t decline as they followed Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Unknowingly, the group arrived at the big pond where the Soul Sucking Reef was placed in. Zhao Hai didn’t call it the Soul Sucking Reef anymore, instead, he changed its name to Tai Ji Pond.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the lotus’ naturally formed Tai Ji Eight Trigrams Chart and couldn’t help but become calm. He let out a long breath as he looked at the lotus flower. He couldn’t help but smile as he remembered his time back on Earth.</p>

  <p>Then suddenly, Zhao Hai remembered that the Water Refining Technique was able to refine a lot of materials. The Fishmen had done experiments wherein they refined living plants and animals. Although it had a small chance of success, it would yield good results if it were to succeed. Refined plants and animals would become much better than their unrefined counterparts.</p>

  <p>When he thought about this, Zhao Hai’s eyes couldn’t help but shine. He immediately loudly called, “Bubble!” Then Bubble quickly floated towards him saying, “Young Master, you called me.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he looked at &#160;Bubble and said, “We had acquired method of Water Refining. I will have Cai’er teach you how to do it later, then Cai’er shall provide you with living plants as well as minerals to experiment on. When you fully master the technique you’ll be living here in the Tai Ji Pond. Go and refine everything inside here, the lotus flower, the root, the stones, everything, even the small fishes. As long as I don’t call you, don’t stop refining. Understood?”</p>

  <p>Bubble thought for a moment and said, “Young Master, I know how to read, there’s no need for Cai’er to teach me. That little girl is too hateful. I don’t need her, I can learn by myself.”</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai heard this, he stared, then he looked puzzlingly at Bubble and said, “Bubble, you know how to read characters? Who taught you?”</p>

  <p>Bubble shook his head and said, “I don’t know, the only thing I can remember is that I’ve always been literate. That knowledge came along with the images of women from before. As for the other specifics, I really have no idea.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Bubble and said, “You really can’t remember anything?”</p>

  <p>Bubble nodded, “Young Master, the only things I can remember were the figure of a woman as well as characters. Nothing else.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knitted his brows, he was confused about this matter. In the end, he can only give the beast skin scroll over to Bubble and said, “Alright, you go read this thing. Remember, make sure to take care in refining things in this pond. If you do badly, then I will boil you and make you into tea.”</p>

  <p>Bubble shivered in fright, he immediately nodded and said, “Young Master, rest assured, I will certainly follow your orders.” Then he unrolled the beast skin scroll and read a bit before looking at Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, I’ll be heading back and do some experiments.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, provide Bubble with everything he needs to experiment with. Don’t use good things. As long as he masters it completely, immediately have him enter the Tai Ji Pond.” Cai’er nodded, then she turned to Bubble and smiled, which frightened Bubble so much that he ran away. While running, Bubble said, “Young Master, there’s no need for her to look for materials. I’ll go and acquire them myself!”</p>

  <p>Cai’er coldly snorted as she yelled back, “You dared to call me little girl as well as hateful, you stinky Bubble, you’re dead. I’ll boil you into hot water.” Then she chased after Bubble, leaving Zhao Hai and the others behind.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hao looked at the two and could’t help but chuckle. Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Look at this, Cai’er had taken you as an example. She’s now saying that she’ll boil Bubble. You should know that Bubble is really afraid of being boiled alive.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai laughed and then said, “Of course I know, but that Bubble has extremely thick skin, so he’ll definitely be fine. If you don’t threaten that fellow, then he won’t move. It’ll be good for us to have Cai’er looking after him.”</p>

  <p>Laura and the others laughed as well. Cai’er had a deep connection with the Space. So she always places Bubble and Mu’er in check. However, she was also quite playful and wanted to play tricks, making Bubble’s life interesting.</p>

  <p>Mu’er was usually right by Zhao Hai’s side, so Cai’er couldn’t move him most of the time. Additionally, Mu’er always kept his calm, making him a bad target for Cai’er’s pranks. Therefore, Cai’er stopped going after Mu’er and shifted her attention to Bubble. Bubble was a rascal and doesn’t want to surrender easily. He was a perfect target for Cai’er’s antics.</p>

  <p>However, this doesn’t mean that their relationship wasn’t good. In fact, they were quite harmonious, Cai’er liked playing with Bubble while Bubble also liked being chased around by Cai’er.</p>

  <p>At this time, Lizzy looked at the pond and said, “Big Brother Hai, will you really trust Bubble in refining this pool? This thing is a treasure, much more valuable than the God-ranked magic beast core. The core upgraded the Space by one level while this lotus actually upgraded it by five. If Bubble fails in refining it, then wouldn’t it be a pity?’</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “There’s nothing to pity about. Refining might be the only way of evolving this thing. Forget it, there’s no point in worrying about something we don’t have any hold of. We’ll just have Bubble be extremely careful in doing it. With his control over water, I don’t think that there would be any issues.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy didn’t say anything else. This Tai Ji Pond and the lotus flower were really too strange. Even Zhao Hai didn’t know how this thing came about. They can only try what they could to upgrade it. In any case, they had acquired a new weapon for the future.</p>

  <p>At this time, Cai’er suddenly ran over to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, Grandpa Kun came and was looking for you. It looks like an urgent matter.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded as his figure vanished and reappeared inside Kun’s office. When he saw Zhao Hai, Kun calmed his worried expression before he said, “Little Hai, something very important just happened.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai replied, “Grandpa Kun, tell me.”</p>

  <p>Kun sighed and said, “Yesterday, the Ocean Waves Dynasty suddenly announced that they would be handing their throne over to the Radiant Church. Their nation is now renamed to the Radiant Empire. It declared to be a nation that devotes itself to the worship of the Radiant God. At the same time, the Dragon Race suddenly attacked the Lyon Empire. The Lyon Empire’s famous cavalry suddenly rebelled and in just one day, the Lyon Empire fell. The Dragon Race changed the nation’s name to Saint Dragon Empire. They also announced their alliance with the Radiant Empire. At this point, the Dragons has complete control of the Lyon Empire while the Radiant Church has complete control of the Ocean Waves Dynasty.”</p>
</body>
</html>