<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1296: Toxic Sand Ra</h3>

  <p>t</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “That would be great.”</p>

  <p>Song Qing gave Zhao Hai a salute once more before he waved his hand and led the other Cultivators away. Seeing the Cultivators leave, Yuan began to feel relieved. Then he went to Zhao Hai’s side and said, “Little Hai, who is this?” He didn’t dare disrespect Jia Ding Shan even if he was aware that he had become Zhao Hai’s servant.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai turned his head to Yuan and then he smiled and said, “This is a servant that I acquired recently, Jia Ding Shan. Jia Ding Shan, this is Captain Yuan of the Machine Field.”</p>

  <p>Jia Ding Shan cupped his fist towards Yuan and said, “I have heard about Captain Yuan’s name. It’s an honor to meet you.”</p>

  <p>Yuan was somewhat stunned by Jia Ding Shan’s greeting. The others also couldn’t believe what was happening as they looked at Zhao Hai and Jia Ding Shan. Nobody spoke for some time.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at everyone and then he smiled faintly and said, “Captain, I think we should leave this area. Otherwise, more and more people would arrive. Right, let me give these to you.” Then he waved his hand as he took a pile of Demon corpses and threw them into the ground.</p>

  <p>Yuan looked at the corpses on the ground and then stole a glance at Jia Ding Shan. He discovered that Jia Ding Shan didn’t have any change in his expression. Yuan put away the corpses of the Demons and said, “Let’s head out. There’s too much disturbance here. People will definitely check it out.” Everyone knew this so they followed Yuan and left the area.</p>

  <p>Meanwhile, after they left and made two turns, Song Qing’s expression turned pale. Then he quickly took out a medicinal pill and swallowed it down.</p>

  <p>When Zhou Fang saw Song Qing’s appearance, he couldn’t help but get surprised. He hastily held on to Song Qing and asked, “What happened? Are you injured?”</p>

  <p>Song Qing nodded, then he smiled bitterly and said, “I was negligent. I didn’t expect Zhao Hai to also absorb astral qi inside his body. I was at a disadvantage when we clashed. But I can see that he was holding back. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be able to subdue Jia Ding Shan. I heard that he’s known as one of the leaders of the armored Demons. His strength isn’t weak. I didn’t expect him to surrender to Zhao Hai.”</p>

  <p>Zhou Fang nodded and said, “I heard that Jia Ding Shan is a Demon Pangolin. Their defenses are very powerful. Additionally, they have very sharp front claws. They’re very hard to deal with. I didn’t expect him to become Zhao Hai’s servant.”</p>

  <p>Song Qing smiled bitterly and said, “We have vastly underestimated Zhao Hai’s strength. The only reason why Zhao Hai took a step back today was because we have two Nascent Soul Experts. If it was just one, then I’m certain he wouldn’t be polite.”</p>

  <p>Zhou Fang frowned and said, “Just how did Zhao Hai cultivate? I heard that he has only ascended for about a year. It’s unbelievable that he is already that strong.”</p>

  <p>Song Qing frowned as well. Then he said, “His sudden appearance in the Machine Field couldn’t be good for the Cultivation Realm. Do you think we should invite a Transcending Tribulation Expert to deal with him?”</p>

  <p>Zhou Fang furrowed his brows and said, “Forget it. We’re not even sure if we can get a Transcending Tribulation Expert to take action. And if we can, so what? Zhao Hai is already treated as a treasure by the Machine Field, so they wouldn’t just let him be harmed. Although the Machine Field has been keeping silent, they are absolute lunatics when it comes to battles. Provoking them isn’t something that our Sword Pavillion could bear. Let’s just leave Zhao Hai’s matter to the Great Sects.”</p>

  <p>Song Qing let out a breath and said, “Right. Let the Great Sects worry about him. We should head back. Now that my strength has been affected, it’s not good for us to stay in the soft gold mine. Otherwise, we might suffer some losses. We’re taking the Pavilion’s elites with us, it’ll be a pity if we lose them.”</p>

  <p>Zhou Fang looked at the other disciples and then said, “Alright. Everyone, prepare to head back.” Then after he said that, the two Elders led the Sword Pavilion’s disciples away from the soft gold mine.</p>

  <p>On the other hand, Zhao Hai and the others didn’t leave the mine. After they left the area, they looked for a secure cavern in order to cure the injured.</p>

  <p>Fortunately, the wounds weren’t very serious. At most, they were just flesh wounds. After taking care of the injured, Yuan called Zhao Hai and Liu Zhen in order to discuss what to do next.</p>

  <p>Yuan said with a solemn expression, “We made too much noise this time. Even the Demons in the mine have been alarmed. I think we should leave. After we head back, we can try to cause some trouble with the Sprites. Little Hai, what do you think?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai replied with a smile, “I have no problems with that. I also think that we should go back. It’s too dangerous in this mine. We’ve been here for a short time but we have already fought three groups of people. It’s already clear that this isn’t a good place. Now that we have dealt with some Demons, I think it’s alright to head back.”</p>

  <p>Liu Zhen also nodded and said, “I also think that we should go back. Although we have a lot of people, we aren’t as strong as the others. And after we return, we can have Little Hai help us refine our weapons. This way, we can be more confident the next time.”</p>

  <p>Yuan smiled and said, “Alright. But Little Hai, we’ll have to be impolite and ask for your help. This is really important to us.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Of course I’ll help you. You don’t have to worry about it. However, I don’t have any materials at hand. So I’ll have to depend on you to come up with them.”</p>

  <p>When Yuan and Liu Zhen heard this, they couldn’t help but laugh. They knew that Zhao Hai was joking with them. The words of the trio weren’t lowered at all so everyone heard it. Knowing that Zhao Hai was going to refine their weapons, their hearts couldn’t help but be moved.</p>

  <p>After an agreement was made, the group rested inside the cave for some time before leaving the soft gold mine. With Zhao Hai leading the way, their travel was naturally peaceful. They didn’t run into any enemy. After leaving the soft gold mine, they circled around and then returned to the tunnel they were in before. Then after resting for one day, they proceeded towards the Machine Field’s territory.</p>

  <p>This time, they were able to meet people from other realms. However, since these people were small in number, a dozen at most, they immediately avoided Zhao Hai’s team at first sight.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t chase them either. Right now, what they want to do was to return to the Machine Field’s territory to have a good rest before causing trouble with the Sprites.</p>

  <p>After flying for several days, the team finally entered the partially controlled territory of the Machine Field. Although it wasn’t really the territory of the Machine Field, everyone’s safety was also somewhat guaranteed in this area. After all, they were close to the Lock Mountain Range. It would be easy for the people from the Machine Field to ask for reinforcements in this region.</p>

  <p>Yuan was also able to breathe comfortably now. He was truly nervous this time. He had been to the soft gold mine two years ago. However, he didn’t expect the mine to become more hostile since then.</p>

  <p>But now, they were able to return safely. Moreover, they returned with a huge harvest. Not to say about the other things, the 30 Demon corpses alone were worth a lot.</p>

  <p>Yuan looked around them and then smiled as he said, “I’ve always felt that our territory is better than any place.”</p>

  <p>When he heard this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh. Then he replied, “It’s always better in your own place. But the Machine Field is indeed a little better compared to the other realms’ territory. At least, here in the Six Realms Battlefield, we are more united compared to those from the other realms.”</p>

  <p>Yuan nodded and said, “That’s right. When it comes to unity, the other realms couldn’t compare to the Machine FIeld. It was through this unity that we were able to keep such a large territory. In order to keep this territory, the Machine FIeld pays thousands of lives every year. It would even reach ten thousand if the situation was worse.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and didn’t say anything more. Then suddenly, a series of explosions were heard in front of them. Zhao Hai and then others stared before their expressions changed. This was because they could hear that the explosions were coming from Yuan’s camp.</p>

  <p>Yuan immediately said, “Little Hai, go ahead and take a look. Did someone try to attack our headquarters? Their mother. Who is so bold and attacks this Yuan’s place?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai complied and flew ahead. Actually, he didn’t need to know who was attacking the camp. He already knew the perpetrator, the Demons! An aura of a Nascent Soul Expert could be felt ahead. Currently, several people from near Yuan’s camp were rushing over in order to help fight the Demon. The attacker was a Demon in its true form, a Demon Mouse!</p>

  <p>Upon seeing this Demon Mouse, Zhao Hai immediately knew why the Demons dared to attack a camp in the Lock Mountain Range. This huge Demon Mouse should be Hao Donglai’s elder. Upon discovering that Hao Donglai was killed, it immediately made a move.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile. It seems like Hao Donglai’s status wasn’t simple, or else this Elder wouldn’t have moved. But since it came over, there’s no need for it to leave.</p>

  <p>Jia Ding Shan followed beside Zhao Hai as the two sped up. Before long, they arrived at Yuan’s camp. At this time, the camp was very lively. Magic cannons were attacking the Demon Mouse while the reinforcements were keeping a distance and sending sword qi.</p>

  <p>It seems like the Machine Field were used to dealing with such situations. Although the Demon Mouse was rampaging, it couldn’t cause too much damage. Naturally, this Demon Mouse was discovered long before it entered the Lock Mountain Range.</p>

  <p>As soon as he saw the situation, Zhao Hai knew that the situation wasn’t going to end well. This Demon Mouse wouldn’t easily retreat. There were only two reasons why it attacked: the Demons sent him to demonstrate their strength, or Hao Donglai’s status was just too special. If it was the former, then Zhao Hai wouldn’t let him off. If it was the latter, then the Mouse wouldn’t retreat. In any case, the Demon Mouse wouldn’t be able to leave today.</p>

  <p>At this time, the Demon Mouse opened its mouth and sent two shots of poisonous sand towards the fort. Mages in the fort immediately released magic at the same time. The poison sand assaulted the magic formations. Explosions were heard as magic formation after magic formation were crushed. But in the end, it was blocked because there were a lot of magic formations.</p>

  <p>But before the Demon Mouse could make another attack, the Warriors in the fort released sword qi to attack it. However, it seems like the Demon Mouse didn’t care about them. It just let the attacks hit its body.</p>

  <p>Seeing this, Zhao Hai coldly snorted before he shouted, “Who dares attack our Machine Field territory!” Then he and Jia Ding Shan flew towards the camp.</p>

  <p>The Demon Mouse could feel that Zhao Hai’s aura was uncommon. It moved to a safe distance before transforming into its humanoid form and flying towards Zhao Hai and Jia Ding Shan.</p>

  <p>Before long, Zhao Hai and Jia Ding Shan were 100 meters in front of the Demon Mouse. Zhao Hai looked at the humanoid form of the Mouse. It was a middle-aged man with small eyebrows and eyes. It had canine teeth and big ears. It was also wearing a white robe. It actually looked funny.</p>

  <p>The Mouse was also sizing Zhao Hai and Jia Ding Shan. When he noticed Jia Ding Shan, it couldn’t help but stare. Then it asked, “Jia Ding Shan, what are you doing here?”</p>

  <p>Jia Ding Shan looked at the Demon Mouse, then he turned his head to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, this person is called Hao Sha, nicknamed Toxic Sand Rat. He’s a member of the Hao family in the Demon Realm. The Hao family is a medium-sized family in the Demon Realm. It was said that they have two members in their family who reached Transcending Tribulation. he is only an Inner Elder in his family, not a Core Member.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he looked at Hao Sha and asid, “Hao Sha, what gave you the courage to run to our territory and cause trouble? Are you courting death?”</p>

  <p>Hao Sha laughed with its squeaky voice and said, “I can go wherever I want. Who do you think you are? Do you think you can decide my actions?”</p>

  <p>“Bastard. You dare talk like that to the Young Master? I will destroy you today!” But before Jia Ding Shan rushed over, he was stopped by Zhao Hai with a wave of his hand. Hao Sha also noticed this interaction, his expression couldn’t help but change.</p>

  <p>He knew that Jia Ding Shan was one of the Kings of the Armored Races. He was quite famous in the Demon Realm. But since Jia Ding Shan doesn’t have his own family, he was only a Guest Elder to powers in the Demon Realm. In terms of identity, he was a bit worse than Hao Sha. However, when it came to strength, he was equal to Hao Sha.</p>

  <p>Someone like Jia Ding Shan actually listened to Zhao Hai. It was clear that Jia Ding Shan wanted to fight, but he was stopped by Zhao Hai. Moreover, Jia Ding Shan wasn’t aggrieved at all. This caused Hao Sha to feel dread towards Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Although Hao Sha was rampant in his words, he was also probing Zhao Hai. Now that he saw Jia Ding Shan’s conduct, his eyes couldn’t help but shrink. The danger he felt about Zhao Hai increased by multiple levels!</p>
</body>
</html>