<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 910: Along the River, Through the Center</h3>

  <p>Three days quickly went past. But in these three days, the O’Neal family weren’t idling. Their reinforcements had entered the Radiant Empire while another had reached the Buddha Empire to reinforce the Demon Realm’s troops.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai was already prepared for these two situations. As long as he can connect himself with Fei’er, then everything would be fine. There would be no need for him to manage things at this point.</p>

  <p>After three days, Zhao Hai and the others has yet again resurfaced to see a piece of land, a continent. This time, Bubble didn’t need Zhao Hai’s instruction as he sank back down and looked for a river to enter into the continent.</p>

  <p>Bubble initially wanted to find a small stream to enter, but Zhao Hai instructed him to find a large river instead. They would enter the continent through that big river.</p>

  <p>After entering, Zhao Hai found a place with a lot of people in order to listen to conversation. After listening for a while, he finally was able to hear several names. When he heard these names, Bingya immediately turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, there’s no mistake. This is the Central Continent. Do we make a move now?”</p>

  <p>After hearing the confirmation from Bingya, Zhao Hai smiled but shook his head as he said, “Don’t worry about it. But if we act now, our harvests wouldn’t be too big.”</p>

  <p>Bingya looked at Zhao Hai in confusion. Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Did you know why I made Bubble look for a big river to enter the Central Continent?’</p>

  <p>Bingya shook his head. Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It’s because great rivers are lifelines to any civilization. If we enter a small river, then we might not reach too far into the continent. But if we enter a big river, then it’s possible that we can enter the middle of the continent stealthily.”</p>

  <p>“We need to attack important cities. And if we can attack their capital city, then that would even be more perfect. What result would we have if we settle on small cities? In addition to not affecting their system, they can also react immediately and encircle us. On the other hand, if we attack their important cities, then how much damage would we cause?”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Bingya and the others paused for a moment before their eyes shone.</p>

  <p>Bingya laughed as he said, “Mister, the heavens are truly helping you. The Central Continent’s Capital City isn’t too far from its largest river. Even ordinary magic beasts would take a few days of travel. It would take much less if we fly. If the river we going into was Divine Gift River, then we can immediately go to the capital, Central City.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t know about this matter. Now that he heard Bingya, he immediately became interested, “Bingya, is that true? Then we should head there.’</p>

  <p>Bingya smiled and said, “Mister shouldn’t worry about this. Central City has four satellite cities outside. Divine Gift City is right next to Divine Gift River. As long as we get to Divine Gift City through the river, then we can directly head to Central City.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s expression shook, he nodded and said, “Alright, then that would be the best. Bubble, don’t go back down, we need to pay attention to things on shore.” Bubble complied and moved forward along the river. Their speed actually slowed down as they payed attention to the things on shore.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai wanted to pay attention because; one, he wanted to find Divine Gift City, and second, he wanted to see if the Central Continent was prepared. If the Central Continent had made preparations, then Zhao Hai would have trouble advancing. But if they didn’t, then everything would be fine.</p>

  <p>Although Zhao Hai and the others were thinking that they weren’t going fast, they were already very quick compared to the ships in their vicinity. Very soon, Zhao Hai and the others were ways long the river. In the process, they had also confirmed that they were in Divine Gift River. This discovery made Zhao Hai glad. This time, they weren’t on the wrong path.</p>

  <p>Every time they met a city, they would stop to listen for a while and see if they had reached Divine Gift City. However, they were quickly disappointed, they had yet to reach Divine Gift City.</p>

  <p>Upon arriving in the Central Continent, Bingya and the others could no longer offer Zhao Hai any help. This was because they had never been to the Central Continent before. Therefore, they had very limited information regarding its geography.</p>

  <p>Naturally, Zhao Hai wouldn’t want to make any wrong moves at this time. Because of this, he asked Laura and the others to head back to their room and look at the monitor. As long as they reach Divine Gift City, they would immediately know. Only then could they act.</p>

  <p>But what surprised Zhao Hai was the fact that they had yet to reach the city despite travelling for an entire day; and on a speed much faster than average. If they weren’t able to confirm that they were in Divine Gift River, then Zhao Hai would’ve thought that they had taken the wrong route.</p>

  <p>After the day passed and the skies turned dark, Zhao Hai stopped advancing. Then he had everyone rest, their trip would continue tomorrow.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai has a reason to do this. They will soon fight against the Divines. At this time, they need to be in their best condition. Although it wouldn’t be a problem for them to not rest for a few days, Zhao Hai still wanted to make sure that everyone gets enough rest.</p>

  <p>After taking a rest, Zhao Hai and the others continued onward. But this time, they weren’t left disappointed for long. After two hours, they had finally arrived at Divine Gift City. The ones to discover the city first were Laura and the others.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai haven’t even approached the city when Laura and the others walked out of their room. As soon as they came out, they immediately told Zhao Hai that they had reached their destination. Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to not go ashore. Instead, he commanded Bubble to go down. They would survey Divine Gift City and see where there were only a few people. Only then would they go and head directly towards Central City.</p>

  <p>In the beginning, Bingya and the others didn’t know why Zhao Hai suddenly stopped. However, they didn’t say anything. They knew that Zhao Hai may have something on his mind.</p>

  <p>Bubble’s advancing speed wasn’t very fast. Looking for a place with a few people wasn’t very easy to find. Divine Gift River was the largest river in the Central Continent, a lot of people rely on this river for their livelihood. Naturally, this river was the busiest one in the Central Continent.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai already made some calculations and they were now quite a distance away from Divine Gift City. However, they were yet to find a place with a few people. This caused Zhao Hai to knit his brows.</p>

  <p>Lizzy looked at Zhao Hai’s expression and knew what he was thinking about. She smiled faintly and said, “Big Brother Hai, I think looking for a proper place at daytime wasn’t a good idea. How about we wait until evening comes. With Central City being the Central Continent’s biggest settlement, it should be brilliantly illuminated. When the time comes, we can use the lights to guide us.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Lizzy, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but tap his own head. He was too focused on getting ashore and didn’t think about the opportune time to do so.</p>

  <p>Although the strength of the people here in the Divine Realm was much greater than the people in the Ark Continent, they still needed to take a sleep and rest. When night comes, then that would be a good time to attack.</p>

  <p>After thinking through this point, Zhao Hai immediately turned to Bingya and the others and said, “Alright, then everyone should go back and take a rest. We’ll move in the evening.”</p>

  <p>When Bingya and the others heard this, they all looked at each other before turning to Zhao Hai with confused expressions.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “We can’t waste too much time looking for a proper place. Moreover, going out at daytime would attract too much attention. We will go at night.”</p>

  <p>Bingya and the others immediately understood what Zhao Hai meant. They gave Zhao Hai a nod before going to their own rooms. They didn’t know why Zhao Hai was so confident, but they knew that Zhao Hai wouldn’t just say things without reason.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s group also returned to their rooms. Inside the room, Zhao Hai turned the monitor on.</p>

  <p>Seen on the monitor were the Divines who were bustling about. They looked no different to the people from the Ark Continent. All of them were rushing here and there for their livelihood. One couldn’t see the legendary image of the Divine Race in them.</p>

  <p>Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai? Are you feeling regret?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and shook his head, “There’s no time for regrets. Our enmity needed to be settled. If the enemy exists in the future, then we wouldn’t be able to feel free. If we show compassion today, then we might be the ones to suffer tomorrow.”</p>

  <p>Laura gave out a sigh then turned to the monitor, “If the Divines didn’t provoke us into war, then we might still be doing business in the Ark Continent. Visiting Brother Wales from time to time in order to have a drink.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “What’s there to reminisce. We can just go to Brother Wales now and have some drinks.”</p>

  <p>Laura shook her head and said, “Forget it. We have a big night ahead of us, we don’t have time to go drinking. Let’s take a rest. Who knows what things the Divines have in store for us. Brother Hai, we shouldn’t take them lightly.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Rest assured, I won’t drink. Go and take a good rest. I still need to count on you for the battle ahead.”</p>

  <p>The women nodded before they turned around and left.</p>

  <p>It can be said that they were now quite used to wars. They knew that they needed to take a rest since nobody knew when they could after the battle starts.</p>

  <p>They rested for the rest of the day and then had dinner in the evening. When Zhao Hai and the others came out of their rooms, the skies were already dark. The shores were brilliantly illuminated and was still quite lively.</p>
</body>
</html>