<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 860: I’m Quite Disappointed</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled at the three and said, “There’s no need to be polite, come and have a seat. I’ve prepared quite a lot of food.”</p>

  <p>It wasn’t only Wushuang and the others who were present. Fei’er and the others also came. The Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King were already with Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>After the group sat down, Laura and the others immediately delivered the prepared food. Zhao Hai served Chinese dishes, something that cannot be found in the Ark Continent, or anywhere else.</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King and the other guests gawked at the table. Although they were people with high status, they hadn’t seen a magnificent feast before. Everyone was speechless.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai raised his wine glass towards his guests and smiled, “Everyone, these are unique dishes of the Buda Clan. There aren’t a lot of people who have eaten it. I’m glad that everyone came here today. Please, join me in this toast!”</p>

  <p>The others immediately raised their glasses to return the courtesy before downing it in one go. Then Zhao Hai refilled his glass, but this time he didn’t make a toast. Instead, he looked at the group and said, “Please have a taste of our dishes, there’s no need to be polite.”</p>

  <p>Defeated by their curiosity, the guests decided to have a taste of the food. Let alone it’s tasty appearance, it’s aroma was quite outstanding as well. They couldn’t help but look at Zhao Hai and express their praise by raising their glass. After drinking a few more liquors, Zhao Hai looked at the three newly arrived leaders and said, “You came to see me this time, do you have something to ask?”</p>

  <p>Barbarian Jiang looked at Zhao Hai and smiled, “We’ve been ordered by our Patriarchs to express our gratitude to Mister Zhao Hai. Not only did you forgive us for attacking the Ark Continent, you even allied with our group. We’re also grateful that you consider our people whenever you fight against the Divine Race.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “You’re too polite. We’re allies, that’s what an ally is for. Moreover, the Divines are our common enemy. It’s only appropriate to deal with them together.”</p>

  <p>Jiang smiled as well and stayed silent. At this time, Thunder Clan Wushuang opened his mouth and said, “Besides expressing our gratitude to mister, we also brought an army to support the war. Naturally, we know that mister didn’t lack in military strength, but since we’re allies, we still need to contribute in one way or another.”</p>

  <p>Winged Pegasus Fang nodded and said, “Right, although Mister is taking good care of us, we still need to help in the fight against the Divine Race. Otherwise, we will feel restless.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at them and smiled, “You’re all being very polite. It’s really fine. Having your people charge instead of my undead isn’t something that I would do. We’re allies, it’s not like I want to control your people by exhausting your strengths.”</p>

  <p>Winged Pegasus Fang didn’t think that Zhao Hai would be this frank. Winged Pegasus Yue smiled upon hearing Zhao Hai as he said, “Speaker, Mister is always this frank. He talks like this to all his friends. Only when speaking to his enemies would mister change his tone.”</p>

  <p>Fang nodded, he gave an appreciative look at Zhao Hai as he raised his glass and said, “Let me offer this cup to Mister. You’re a genuine friend. Also, this wine is really good.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai laughed and said, “If you like it that much, then I’ll give you some when you head back. I also have some Beastman milk wine as well as fruit wines. At this point, the Ark Continent already has many types of liquor. All of them taste very good.”</p>

  <p>What Zhao Hai and the others were drinking was Rice Wine. It’s not very strong so even those who hadn’t drunk any liquor could still bear a few glasses.</p>

  <p>After the group drank another glass, Zhao Hai said, “I’ve already talked to the Foreign Races in the Divine Realm. I’ve proposed an alliance and hoped that they won’t begin attacking the Divines. Does anyone have any opinion on this?”</p>

  <p>Fei’er and the others had already written about this matter. Therefore, when the three Elders heard this, they shook their heads. Then Winged Pegasus Wushuan said, “Mister, we’ve also considered this before. However, we were afraid that our allies wouldn’t be strong enough. Therefore, we needed to ask for their help in dealing with the Divine Race. But now that Mister is here, we can change our plan. Otherwise, things would be disadvantageous for us. Also, I need to thank Mister for reminding us about the threat of the Ultimate Weapon. Ever since we have been enslaved by the Divines, we had never seen that weapon before. Therefore, we aren’t even sure if it existed or not. Mister, we apologize for not telling you about it before.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai waved his hand and said, “It’s fine. You’re not even sure of it so I can’t blame you. Don’t worry about it. Right, I’ll give you messenger fishes later. This way, it would be more convenient for us to communicate. You should also give some to the people monitoring the seas so that they can notify us as soon as possible.”</p>

  <p>Thunder Clan Wushuang nodded and said, “Fei’er also wrote about those messenger fishes to the clan. To be honest, those things are convenient to use.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “This fish is actually found in the Ark Continent. The Fishman Race has been using this fish to communicate with each other. But since the Radiant Church started to suppress the different races of the Ark Continent, the continent never knew about the existence of this fish.”</p>

  <p>Wushuang and the others nodded. They have some understanding regarding what happened in the Ark Continent. The means used by the Divine Race were more sinister than what was done on the three races. If it wasn’t for Zhao Hai, the Ark Continent might have been enslaved a long time ago.</p>

  <p>Then Zhao Hai said, “But these fishes also has a weak point. A fish can only talk with one other fish. This isn’t very good. I’m still finding ways to improve on it. I hope that it would be more useful in the future.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing this, Winged Pegasus Fang asked, “So Mister is saying that, later on, the fish can communicate with multiple people? If that’s the case, then that would be very good. Right, let’s go back to the current situation. I’m afraid it wouldn’t be long before the Taurus Divines use their Ultimate Weapon. Does Mister have any plans?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “In my opinion, there is no need to be afraid of that ultimate weapon. It’s quite obvious that the Divines couldn’t use it easily, they surely will pay a huge price whenever it goes out. Instead, I’m quite curious about &#160;this weapon. Not only for the Taurus Divines, I’m interested in the ultimate weapons of the other continents as well.”</p>

  <p>Fang and the others smiled. They were appreciative of Zhao Hai’s self-confidence. The group continued to chat for some time. After everyone was full and had drunk to their heart’s content, Fang and the others proceeded to leave.</p>

  <p>After the guests had left, Laura and the others went out and looked at their departing backs. Then Laura asked, “Brother Hai, what did those guys come here for?” Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “They wanted to see what kind of person I am. Then they asked me about how I plan to deal with the Divine Race. Not too complicated, just normal stuff.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded, “It looks like they’re quite satisfied. So Brother Hai, what do we do?” Zhao Hai replied, “Earlier I expressed my interest on these ultimate weapons. I can’t wait to meet them in the battlefield. I wanted to see if they can add more functions to the ship.” As soon as they heard this, Laura and the others chuckled.</p>

  <p>The next day, Zhao Hai still kept advancing into the Taurus Continent. Although their speed wasn’t as fast as before, their stable advance caused the Divines to get a headache.</p>

  <p>On the other hand, Fang and the others felt their horizons expand. The Hell King’s ship was more powerful than they imagined. Although they already received reports from Fei’er and the others, witnessing the ship themselves was a completely different thing.</p>

  <p>Five days after Fang and the others met Zhao Hai, information arrived from the Foreign God-ranks. The ones delivering the message were still Ryder and the others. They told Zhao Hai that they agree to the alliance. They also agreed to Zhao Hai’s proposal of not attacking the Taurus Continent in order to prevent the other continents from joining the war. But if the other continents sent their troops, then the Foreign God-ranks would send troops to their continent, supporting Zhao Hai in the background.</p>

  <p>After Ryder and the others reported the details, Zhao Hai began to attack the Taurus Continent according to his original plan. This time, he didn’t advance slowly. He sped his movements to force the Divines to use their ultimate weapon.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s plan was successful. On the tenth day after he formed his alliance with the Foreign God-ranks, the Divine Race dispatched their ultimate weapon.</p>

  <p>At this time, Zhao Hai was attacking a Divine Race City. The shield of the city was broken in an instant as the undead started to pour in. Zhao Hai stood at his ship while looking at the battle, the Foreign God-ranks were at his side.</p>

  <p>After giving their report to Zhao Hai, Ryder and the others didn’t leave. Instead, they followed Zhao Hai at the side. They saw Zhao Hai breaking defensive shields one after another. The Divines who weren’t taken away were turned into undead.</p>

  <p>In the beginning, they were shocked upon seeing this. But after a few more cities, they began to become numb to the scene. Only one thing remained in their hearts, it was to never have Zhao Hai as an enemy.</p>

  <p>At this moment, Zhao Hai suddenly felt a powerful aura coming from the distance. Aside from Lu Wei, Zhao Hai hadn’t felt a stronger presence like this one before.</p>

  <p>A light flashed inside Zhao Hai’s eyes. Then he turned his head to Ryder and the others and said, “Everyone, it seems like the Taurus Divines had sent their ultimate weapon. Please disembark from the ship. I’m afraid I won’t be able to take care of you once the fighting starts. Moreover, it’s likely that you would get injured if you stay here.”</p>

  <p>The status of Ryder and the others wasn’t low, so they were privy to the information about the Divine Race’s ultimate weapons. Therefore, once they heard Zhao Hai, their expression changed. Then after giving him a salute, they proceeded to leave the ship. After that, Zhao Hai urged his ship to go forward and meet the powerful aura.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai thought that the ultimate weapon of the Divine Race must be very large and powerful. But when he saw it, he couldn’t help but feel shocked. The ultimate weapon was too small!</p>

  <p>There was a normal cow sized metallic bull, its four hooves solidly stepping on the air. On the back of this bull was a person. The person’s clothes, hair, and beard were all white. He was quite big and tall. Although he looked like an old person, one could still feel a ferocious aura coming out of him.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stopped the Hell King’s Ship and looked at the approaching bull-riding person. At this point he was doubting whether this was the ultimate weapon or not.</p>

  <p>The old person stopped about a hundred meters away from the ship. He looked at Zhao Hai and calmly asked, “Are you Zhao Hai?” Zhao Hai looked at the old person and smiled, “Correct. I am Zhao Hai. And who are you?”</p>

  <p>The old person replied, “Kid, you actually dared to cause trouble in my Taurus Continent. Now that I’m here, it’s time to make you understand that someone from a lower realm had no right to do whatever you want in this place.” ZHao Hai looked at the old person and smiled, “Cause trouble? From what I know, it’s the Divines causing troubles in places where they shouldn’t be. And you want to teach me a lesson? And how would you do that? Using your ultimate weapon? To be honest, I have been waiting for this day. But I didn’t expect you to come this late, I’m very disappointed.” The old person’s expression didn’t change. But Zhao Hai can see a slight disturbance in his beard. It seems like his ego was pricked.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai can guess why this was the case, it must be because of the ultimate weapon. There weren’t many people in the Divine Realm who were aware of these artifacts. Moreover, those who knew would keep it as a secret. And now, Zhao Hai even dared to insult it. It’s no wonder the old man was affected.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai did it intentionally because he was still unsure if the old man with the metal bull was the ultimate weapon. Because of this, he probed to see if his speculation was true. And it seems like he hit the mark. Zhao Hai can confirm that the metallic bull was indeed their ultimate weapon.</p>

  <p>The old man looked at Zhao Hai and said with an ice cold voice, “I didn’t expect to see the day where a person from the lower realm would insult me like this. Since there’s no use in talking further, it’s time for you to die!” Then the old person waved his hand. Zhao Hai saw a very small formation plate appear. At the same time, Zhao Hai was suddenly found himself surrounded with nearly 20 Domain Weapon experts.</p>

  <p>The Domain Weapons were ten spears, five swords, and five shields. Although their size was nothing compared to the Hell King’s ship, they were still Domain Weapons, their strength couldn’t be weak.</p>
</body>
</html>