<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 839: Demon Realm’s Beast Tide</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile as he heard this. It was a completely Demon-like response. If you want it, just rob it. It was just like when the Demons fancied the Ark continent. They didn’t think too much about it and just proceeded to invade.</p>

  <p>After seeing Zhao Hai smile, the Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but be worried, “Mister? Did I make a mistake?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “There’s nothing wrong. I don’t want to have a war with three planes right now. Therefore, we’ll just prepare to receive them in the future.”</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King stared, then he immediately understood Zhao Hai’s plan. Zhao Hai was currently in a war against the Divine Race, but the Underworld was also slowly creeping in. If the Atlanta Plane was added, then Zhao Hai would have three enemies. Having war with these three parties meant that the Ark Continent would be at war with three planes.</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King frowned and said, “Then what is mister planning to do?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai replied, “We’ll wait for them to invade the Ark Continent, then we’ll snatch their technology for our research. We’ll wait until we settle in the Divine Realm before thinking about going to the Atlanta Plane.”</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King thought about it before nodding. Their most important enemy at this time was the Divine Race. Although the people from the Atlanta Plane were also very dangerous, their threat was still inferior compared to the Divine Race. Moreover, they were now allied with the Barbarians, Winged Pegasus, and the Thunder Clan. If they shift their target to the Atlanta Plane, then that would be unfair to them. So first they need to deal with the Divine Race and then deal with the Atlanta Plane in the future.</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King asked, “So what do we do now?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai replied, “First, we need to deal with the Divine Race. We’ll focus on this goal first, we’ll put the other matters to the side.”</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King nodded. At this time, Zhao Hai suddenly felt his messenger fish move. Zhao Hai stared before he immediately took it out. From the messenger fish was the Great Demon King’s voice, “Mister, are you in?’</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared for a moment before he quickly replied, “I’m here. Your Majesty, do you need something?”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King immediately replied, “Mister, quickly close your spatial rift. A beast tide just formed in the Demon Realm. We don’t want those demon beasts to enter the Space.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gawked, then his body immediately flashed towards the spatial rift. Currently, the spatial rift was outside a medium sized settlement in the Demon Realm. This allowed easy entry for the Demons heading towards the Space. However, the situation outside wasn’t very good to look at.</p>

  <p>This wasn’t the first time that Zhao Hai had seen a beast tide. In the past, the Black Wasteland had also suffered a similar event. However, compared to the Black Wasteland, the beast tide of the Demon Realm was much much worse.</p>

  <p>At this time, a flock of demon beasts blotted out the skies. These magic beasts were poised to attack the city while some were heading towards the spatial rift.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai saw this scene, his two eyes immediately shone. He immediately gave the Great Demon King a reply through the messenger fish, “Your Majesty, there’s no need to worry. As long as I make some adjustments, I can also absorb those magic beasts into the Space.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was just wondering as to how he could take magic beasts of the Demon Realm to the Space. But now, this opportunity actually came, so how could he just let this go. Zhao Hai didn’t close the spatial rift but instead shifted the destination. Instead of the Demon Space, the spatial rift was connected to the hell background.</p>

  <p>The hell background was suited for darkness creatures to survive in. Since most of these magic beasts were of the darkness attribute, Zhao Hai could just place them all inside the hell background.</p>

  <p>If they want to take those beasts to the Space, then they could only grasp them one by one or bait them in just like what Zhao Hai did in the Carrion Swamp. However, both of those methods were very hard to accomplish.</p>

  <p>But now that the magic beasts were rushing towards the rift, Zhao Hai can use this opportunity to take them to the Space. Although these beasts were hostile towards him, the Space can just change this sentiment down until it disappears entirely.</p>

  <p>The Space considers people and magic beasts to be two different beings. If a person has hostility towards the Space, then the Space couldn’t just change it instantaneously. It can only slowly turn the will of that person, subtly influencing that person’s thoughts.</p>

  <p>But for magic beasts, the Space held more power. As long as Zhao Hai takes them to the Space, the magic beasts would immediately surrender. Because of this, Zhao Hai wasn’t worried about these magic beasts rampaging upon reaching the Space. Also, they might even provide some improvement to the Space’s level.</p>

  <p>Although the Great Dragon King couldn’t understand Zhao Hai’s action, he still didn’t oppose to it. He believed that Zhao Hai knew what he was doing. And since he was busy defending the city, he didn’t have the focus to deal with Zhao Hai’s decision. Upon hearing Zhao Hai, the Great Demon King immediately stored the messenger fish.</p>

  <p>Before the magic beasts entered the Space, Zhao Hai quickly changed the background and opened new spatial rifts. This way, it would be easier for the magic beasts to enter the Space.</p>

  <p>Then something shocking happened to the magic beasts. As Zhao Hai opened new rifts, the magic beasts immediately swarmed towards them, almost to the point where they were throwing themselves over.</p>

  <p>The magic beasts attacking the city stopped their advance as they shifted their focus on the spatial rifts. Weaker magic beasts were even trampled by those much stronger than them.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai himself couldn’t help but get shocked upon seeing this. Although he wanted the magic beasts to enter, he didn’t think that it would be this case. This was completely out of his expectation.</p>

  <p>The magic beasts went straight into the Space just like moths to a fire. This scene also attracted the attention of the Great Demon King. The Great Demon King was immediately worried about his people. He was afraid that those magic beasts would flood the Demons inside the Space. Because of this, he immediately took his messenger fish and contacted Zhao Hai, “Mister, mister, can you hear me?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai took his messenger fish out and said, “Your Majesty, I can hear you. There’s no need to worry. I took the magic beasts to a place completely different from the Demon Space. Your Majesty can rest assured.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, the Great Demon King’s heart couldn’t help but skip a beat. Although Zhao Hai’s words seemed simple, it gave the Great Demon King another piece of information. Zhao Hai’s Space actually had another place other than the Ark Space and the Demon Space. It might even be multiple other places.</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King found out that everytime he gauges Zhao Hai’s strength, he would still be underestimating him. If Zhao Hai can settle the Ark Continent’s residents on one place while settling the Demons to another, then this means that Zhao Hai could settle another race inside a different Space. If Zhao Hai continues to accumulate people this way, then his faith power would be greater than what the Divine Race would provide.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t think about any of these as he was look satisfactorily at the magic beasts rushing towards the Space. This was a completely good thing for him. He also heard prompts here and there as the Space introduced different magic beasts to him while also subduing them. Later on, Zhao Hai would be able to use these magic beasts as his subordinates.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai fancied these magic beasts from the Demon Realm. Their strength was formidable. Moreover, they were the most suitable to become mounts. In addition to their strength, each one of them were unafraid of death. This was a problem prevalent with magic beasts found in the Ark Continent.</p>

  <p>There were too many magic beasts, so it took them some time before they entered the Space. Fortunately, these magic beasts were completely focused on the Space. This allowed Zhao Hai to stop worrying about them.</p>

  <p>After looking at it for a while, Zhao Hai returned to the Space’s villa. When he arrived at the living room, he saw Laura and the others sitting there, looking at the Demon Realm’s beast tide.</p>

  <p>After seeing this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile, then he turned to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er do you know why those magic beasts suddenly rushed to the Space?”</p>

  <p>Cai’er smiled and said, “It’s possibly because the young master has changed the background. Most of these beasts had the darkness attribute and the hell background can improve the darkness attribute. For these magic beasts, it was basically an instinct to seek for improvement. Possibly, they were able to sense the hell background and couldn’t help but rush towards it.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and then replied, “That’s great. Having those beasts inside the Space is definitely a good thing for us. If those magic beasts come, then it’s possible that they can upgrade the Space.”</p>

  <p>Cai’er smiled and said, “I don’t think that would be possible. Although there are a lot of magic beasts, the types present aren’t many. Moreover, most of them are weak magic beasts. If they didn’t enter the Space, they would’ve been killed by stronger magic beasts. Depending on these beasts to upgrade the Space is just not possible.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai agreed, he nodded and said, “Even if they can’t upgrade the Space, having them is still good for us. A lot of these magic beasts are quite strong, not quite inferior compared to God-ranks. Having them enter the Space would improve our strength.”</p>
</body>
</html>