<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 633: Frequent Each Other</h3>

  <p>For ordinary people, these two things would be impossible to be put into good use. The Imperial Water Oyster would need years before a pearl can be made. And the longer the pearl stays inside the oyster, the better its effect would be. However, the life of a Human can only be so much. When the pearl reaches a formidable level, its owner might have already died.</p>

  <p>The same was true for the Azure Dragon Snail. Although the snail had a lot of uses, it would still need several hundred years before it can become good. If one wants to have the same Azure Dragon Snail as the Mermaid clan, then one would still have to wait for a thousand years. Even 9th rank experts couldn’t live for that long, much less average people. It was virtually useless.</p>

  <p>But Zhao Hai was different, he has the Space which was going against heaven’s will. So these two marine beings have great use for him. The Space can accelerate growth, so if he placed the Azure Dragon Snail inside, it wouldn’t take too long for it to grow into something formidable. Moreover, he can also produce more Azure Dragon Snails.</p>

  <p>There is also the Imperial Water Oyster. It might not be relevant to have one or two, but if this thing can be mass produced, then the situation would become different. This water element treasure was something extremely useful for Water Mages since their attack would become three times stronger. If the pearl gets mass produced and handed over to the Water Mages of the continent, then the overall power of the continent would be increased.</p>

  <p>Naturally, since this thing is precious to the Fishman Race, they weren’t able to mass produce it. But it was different for Zhao Hai, if he wanted more, then he would have more. And the oyster would be much different in the Space. The oyster might not produce a pearl in the sea, but in the Space, it was certain that it would make one.</p>

  <p>Seeing Zhao Hai’s expression, Luo Ying knew that Zhao Hai was satisfied with the gifts. Luo Ying couldn’t help but appreciate Luo Luo. The information that Luo Luo gave her had become very important.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai received the two bottles, then he turned to Luo Ying and smiled, “I’ve made the General go through much troubles for me. This one is indeed interested in collecting unique things. I wish to have as many unique marine things as possible.”</p>

  <p>Luo Ying smiled and said, “Mister is too polite. I’ve already sent word, making people collect as much unique things as possible. I believe that they would be sending those over in a few days.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and then said, “Then I’ll have to thank the general. I’m planning to suppress the Sea Dragons today as well. I also want to see how the Radiant Church and the Dragons respond. What do you think?”</p>

  <p>Luo Ying thought for a moment and then said, “Alright, then I’ll have to trouble mister. In two days, the clan’s reinforcements would arrive. When they come, we can do a general attack.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Good, then I’ll attack the Sea Dragons in the meantime. When your army is completed, then we can attack together. Just take these following days as a break and take a good rest.”</p>

  <p>Luo Ying nodded, then she stood up and bowed to Zhao Hai, “Mister’s great kindness towards my Mermaid Clan will not go unremembered. If mister needs something in the future, me and my clan would surely come to your assistance.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stood up and laughed, “General is too polite. I’ve only come to help this time because we have a common enemy. What General said made this Zhao Hai blush. If General has nothing else to say, then I shall be taking my leave.”</p>

  <p>Luo Ying nodded and then said, “Then I won’t be stopping mister.” Then Zhao Hai gave Luo Ying a salute before turning around to leave. When Zhao Hai left, Luo Ying turned to Luo Luo and said, “Luo Luo, you have contributed greatly this time. It seems like mister really likes to collect strange things. We must collect more things for mister, the sea is near endless, we should be able to find things that he likes.”</p>

  <p>Luo Luo smiled and said, “General is too polite. But General, I don’t understand. It takes a lot of effort to collect such things. All of this just for mister’s help?”</p>

  <p>Luo Ying smiled faintly and said, “Silly thing, you’re quite clueless. All this effort is not just a gesture of gratitude towards mister Zhao Hai. You might have heard, the Radiant Church, Dragons, and Sea Dragons have started to work together. I’m afraid the coming of the Divine Race would arrive soon. Mister Zhao Hai is an ally of the Dwarves as well as the Beastmen. He will surely be a central figure in the fight against the Divine Realm. Such a person is worth all of our effort.”</p>

  <p>When Luo Luo heard Luo Ying, she stared for a moment before she completely understood. Her face was pale when she asked, “General, will the Divine Realm really invade us?”</p>

  <p>Luo Ying sighed and said, “According to the recent developments, the invasion is for certain. The races in the continent would surely suffer a disaster.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t know about what Luo Luo and Luo Ying were talking about. After all, he was currently in the Space, staring at the two bottles in his hand. Inspecting them with great curiosity.</p>

  <p>Just as the group was staring at the bottle with the Azure Dragon Snail, the Space issued a prompt. It told them that it was possible to rear the two marine magic beasts, this made Zhao Hai feel relieved. At this time, Laura tapped the Azure Dragon Snail’s bottle and said, “Brother Hai, make Cai’er raise this one. When the time comes, we would also have our own Azure Dragon Snail.” The Azure Dragon Snail that Laura meant was naturally the one that Luo Ying was currently using.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Laura and smiled, “How could that be so simple ? The Mermaid Clan’s Azure Dragon Snail had underwent many years of refining. Let’s wait for a few days, then I’ll go and ask whether we can gain access to this Water Refining method. This method is going to be very useful.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy didn’t care about this so much, she turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Big Brother Hai, let’s go. I want to test my formation on the Sea Dragons today.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Lizzy, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh, “Alright, we’ll be heading to the Sea Dragons in order to practice battle formations.” Then he waved his hand to summon his undead army before they went forward.</p>

  <p>Alex and the others have set up their army formation quite early and waited. They knew that since Zhao Hai gained the upper hand yesterday, he would surely come back today. So they decided to not go on the offense, but instead focused on defense.</p>

  <p>They were waiting as well, as long as the sacred relic of the Radiant Church arrives along with the Dragon Clan’s experts, Zhao Hai would finally be dealt with. So what they want to do right now was to defend with all they have.</p>

  <p>However, Illac had pushed their line of defense forward. This was to prepare for Zhao Hai in the future. Because they had gone forward, when they plan to deal with Zhao Hai in a few days, they can just move the army backwards, making Zhao Hai fall into the center of the magic formation. At that time, he would then be besieged by experts.</p>

  <p>Illac was currently sitting inside his huge sea urchin, his eyes focused on the distance. He had a hunch that the enemy would be coming today. And sure enough, a cubic formation slowly appeared. Illac immediately ordered the army to prepare themselves for battle.</p>

  <p>The men of Illac’s army didn’t dare to be neglectful this time. They had already experienced the might of Zhao Hai’s undead yesterday. They didn’t expect that they would be placed in such a predicament by those undead.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was sitting inside the Blade Scale Whale’s body, he looked at the monitor and then said, “Lizzy, Megan, what formations do the two of you want to test today?”</p>

  <p>Lizzy smiled and said, “Let me try first. I want the same Demon as yesterday.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at her and said, “Alright, how does your Demon plan to deal with the enemy?”</p>

  <p>Lizzy smiled faintly and said, “Big Brother Hai, the cube formation that the other party was doing today might be very good. But you can see that it has distinct edges and corners. My new Demon formation would look like a big octopus. Combat units on the tentacles of the octopus would attack those edges and corners. Although those places are filled with elite troops, changing their position wouldn’t be very easy for the commander. Making it possible for us to slowly, bit by bit, grind those edges.”</p>

  <p>Then Lizzy drew her formation on the monitor. Zhao Hai understood what Lizzy wants, she wanted those troops to entangle the cube like an octopus’ tentacle. These troops would then be akin to a file, grinding down on those edges of the cube.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai thought that this formation seemed to be quite interesting. So he nodded and waved his hand, ordering the undead like how Lizzy wanted. Then he sent them out to attack the other party.</p>

  <p>Illac was currently in his command center, calmly looking at the enemy. He wanted to know what formations the other party had prepared for him today. To be honest, Illac couldn’t help but feel like he was currently playing chess with the enemy. This feeling was something that had stuck to his mind.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s undead quickly arrived at the other party’s cube formation. Then the undead formation suddenly changed, it had sprouted a lot of tentacles, all of which were heading towards Illac’s formation</p>

  <p>But Illac was an experienced war General, so he knew what the other party wanted to do. Upon seeing the enemy he immediately commanded, “Change formation, make a ball formation with me as the center.” Then his command got passed through as the formation moved slowly. With Illac as the center, troops were rotating, layer by layer around him.</p>

  <p>Lizzy didn’t expect the other side to change formation this quickly. Her Demon formation was highly effective against the cube formation, however, it was unsuitable against the ball formation.</p>

  <p>At this time, Megan said, “Good, they turned into a ball. Elder Brother Hai, use my Connecting Thorns in order to deal with them.” After Megan saw how the enemy used the ball formation yesterday, she immediately racked up her brains in order to find a way to deal with it. The method that she had developed was exactly this ‘Connecting Thorns.</p>

  <p>This formation is very basic and simple, it was just a bunch of small cone formations lined up with each other. Then this line would oppose the direction that the ball formation was rotating, scratching its surface and breaking some of the enemies off.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he immediately changed the arrangement for the undead. The tentacles shrank as small cone formations appeared, then it went to oppose the spinning motion of the other party’s formation.</p>
</body>
</html>