<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 433: Might of the Undead</h3>

  <p>By this time, the people who sieged Casa City were now in a mess. Nobody can block Zhao Hai’s advances. Only those Advanced Mages could help themselves in order to escape. Any Mages with a rank lower were killed immediately, then were turned into undead. After which they immediately began casting magic in order to attack other mercenary soldiers.</p>

  <p>The people’s minds were submerged in confusion. Due to the suppression of Dark Mages these years, most armies didn’t have any Dark Mages, this was especially true for Aksu Empire. This made them forget the fact that the most terrifying place to meet a Dark Mage was in a battlefield.</p>

  <p>The reason for this was because the battlefield provided them with more than enough resources to raise undead anytime. Even if those undead couldn’t compare to Zhao Hai’s, the pressure they could give people were still very huge. This made people give Dark Mages another nickname while they are on the battlefield, they were called Death Gods.</p>

  <p>Because there hadn’t been any major wards in the continent, and adding on to the suppression of Dark Mages, the soldiers present hadn’t met a practitioner of Dark Magic. So once they encountered Zhao Hai, they dissolved into panic.</p>

  <p>Evan looked at the undead who were chasing the mercenaries outside and was completely dumbfounded. He had seen Zhao Hai before, and he has also seen Adam. The last time they met, he felt that Zhao Hai has let go of his playboy attitude. He became more sensible, more fierce. But when he saw the current Zhao Hai who was just leisurely drinking tea, Evan was terrified.</p>

  <p>He thought that it was scary. Evan was a warrior, and as a warrior he had seen killings. And even if he became a Grand Duke he had also witnessed a ton of cruel and merciless people. But he hadn’t met people like Zhao Hai who didn’t even flinch upon seeing this much undead killing people. One could see why, upon seeing Zhao Hai right now, Evan felt fear.</p>

  <p>Massacring people without emotion was something a lot of people can achieve. But Zhao Hai was different. While looking at the battle outside, he still drank his tea inside Alien, at the same time, his other hand was continually casting Magic, turning more people into undead and making those new undead kill more people. While all of this is happening, he was still drinking tea, such a person was terrifying.</p>

  <p>Evan felt like Zhao Hai wasn’t the Adam that he knew. To him, Zhao Hai has become cold blooded. Evan felt strange, he felt mortified.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai had noted Evan’s expression, he understood what he was thinking. He placed his cup down and looked at Evan, “Does Uncle Evan think I was too ruthless? Too cold-blooded?”</p>

  <p>Evan looked at Zhao Hai and sighed, “Little Hai, I know that the Buda Clan’s situation had forced you to undergo such a huge change. But you must know that plenty of these people are also innocent. It should be enough if we were to repel them.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared at Evan and sighed, “Uncle Evan, do you think that I want it to be like this? But even if I didn’t, they are still our enemies. You see them right now as pitiful, but haven’t you thought? If we didn’t have enough strength, they will be pursuing us like ghosts. When the time comes, neither me nor the Purcell Family would exist, we would be completely destroyed by them. Do you think that at that moment they would let us off because of their tender hearts?”</p>

  <p>Evan naturally understood this. If both armies fight, there was little space for pity. But this time, it was undead killing living people. This scenario made him feel terrible, if he were there, it would feel like was being betrayed.</p>

  <p>Actually, it wasn’t only Evan who had this sentiment, majority of the people in the continent share this view as well. Otherwise, Dark Mages wouldn’t become the most hated profession, they didn’t even consider that Dark Mages can minimize their losses in the battlefield. Dark Mages would use anything to attack the enemy. For them, attacking the enemy with a blade or an undead was the same. In the end, they could get the job done.</p>

  <p>Green, who had also become numb to the scene, coldly snorted and said, “What’s wrong? Do you prefer sending your subordinates to deal with the enemies rather than the undead? It seems like you have been poisoned by the Radiant Church as well.”</p>

  <p>Evan, upon hearing Green, became embarrassed. There was no way for him to disrespect Green. Because of his position in the Buda Clan, Evan also regarded Green as an elder. Thus, he can’t do anything but listen to Green’s words.</p>

  <p>At this time, the troops on the other gates were also made aware of the situation and sent some reinforcements. However, the reinforcements had no way to deal with the undead. The situation remained the same, the undead were still slaughtering their way along the enemy lines.</p>

  <p>The 100 thousand who laid siege on the city were flustered. They immediately gathered their men and started to surround Zhao Hai. But Zhao Hai seemed to not care, he still commanded the undead to continue the slaughter.</p>

  <p>If one were to look down from the sky, the battlefield displayed a strange image. A group of mercenaries were surrounding an Undead Creature in the middle, looking like to extinguish whoever was in the middle.</p>

  <p>But if you look at it carefully, those who were wearing mercenary clothes were constantly falling. And when they get killed, they were immediately wrapped with a dark mist and then became an undead creature. After which they got up and then attacked their fellow mercenaries.</p>

  <p>The fighting continued on for the entire morning. Finally, the mercenaries couldn’t hold long and chose to withdraw. They didn’t dare continue to attack Zhao Hai since they were constantly getting killed. In the end, those who were killed numbered between 30 thousand to 40 thousand people. Their losses were too great.</p>

  <p>What made them very confused was that even if those undead were powerful, it was still impossible for them to suffer losses along these numbers. Some of them only suffered an injury and then died soon afterwards. Later on, they discovered that the weapons of the undead were all coated with poison. As long as they were wounded by the weapon, even if only a little, they would die in a short while.</p>

  <p>The mercenaries were too ill prepared in a scenario where they would retreat. They expected that they would only retreat if the matter had already been dealt with. Because of this, Zhao Hai’s creatures continually hounded them from behind. Unlike them, the undead didn’t know the meaning of exhaustion.</p>

  <p>One side is infantry, while the other is cavalry, their disparity in speed was very huge. But since they had the numbers, some were able to escape safely. In the end, 50 thousand mercenaries were saved.</p>

  <p>The chase lasted until the afternoon, and Zhao Hai had obtained another 50 thousand additional undead. After the even, the group returned to Casa City. And after eating, Zhao Hai’s group returned to the place Evan arranged for them to rest in.</p>

  <p>However, Evan was unable to sleep that night. Zhao Hai’s performance shook him to his core. Not only was he startled by how Zhao Hai handled life and death, he was also shocked by how powerful Zhao Hai’s undead were.</p>

  <p>It was now that Evan understood why Zhao Hai was able to survive after all those powers sent people to deal with him. By what Zhao Hai has shown today, it would be strange if those assailants survived.</p>

  <p>At the same time, Evan also had to acknowledge the strength of a Dark Mage. He truly didn’t pay any attention to the profession before, this was because of the continent’s constant suppression of them. This was even more true in Aksu Empire, because of the collusion between Boris and the Radiant Church, the suppression of the Dark Mages had reached another level. From a young age, children were already hearing bad things about Dark Mages. This idea bore into the minds of the people and made them feel disgust towards those who practice Dark Magic.</p>

  <p>This was precisely the reason why when Zhao Hai resided in Stony Mountain, he immediately sent people to deal with him. This was also the reason why there were no Dark Mages among the Purcell Family’s forces.</p>

  <p>But after watching Zhao Hai’s might today, Evan felt regret. He knew that casualties are greatest during the initial collision between two armies. And during the skirmish, there would also be losses here and there. If a Dark Mage was present, they could drastically reduce the losses they suffered in the battlefield.</p>

  <p>As soon as his thought reached that point, Evan was completely regretful for not having a Dark Mage in his army. But it was now too late, there weren’t a lot of Dark Mages in the continent, and those people weren’t very trustful towards nobles. Recruiting Dark Mages during this time was close to impossible.</p>

  <p>At this time, Zhao Hai was inside the Space. Green and Merine were inside as well. Green was very happy that his face turned red. He was really excited, they finally had shown their might. The Wild Dragon Banner had flown once again and achieved an overwhelming victory.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai looked at Green’s appearance, he smiled faintly and said, “Grandpa Green, I think you should return to Iron Mountain fort tomorrow. The matter in Casa City will be resolved in around two days or so. The enemies cannot block our undead, so their 9th ranks should be making their move. Not just you, even I might need to retreat to the Space. The battle would be handed over to Cai’er and Zhao Wen.[1]</p>

  <p>Green thought for a moment before he nodded, “Alright, we’ll return to Iron Mountain Fort tomorrow. My desire had already been realized. But Young Master, you should take care of yourself. If the opposite party sends 9th ranks tomorrow, immediately hide inside the Space. Moreover, I’m afraid that the Radiant Church would also make their move. Their main target this time is you and you cannot suffer an accident.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly, “Rest assured, if something happens, I’ll immediately hide in the Space. Let’s see how they handle me then. But what you said is right, the Radiant Church had been quiet all this time. I’m afraid that when they receive the news about my identity, they will send people to Iron Mountain Fort. So it’s best for you to return.”</p>

  <p>Green didn’t disagree and just nodded.</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">* * *</p>

  <p>Correct me if I’m wrong, Zhao Hai should have four 9th ranks right? Wind guy, Fire guy, Cai’er, and Zhao Wen?</p>
</body>
</html>