<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1276: Turning on Each Other</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai became interested, so he asked, “Is that true? Tell me more.”</p>

  <p>Margaret smiled and said, “Brother Hai, let me ask you. If you’re given land, would you prefer one that not only can be farmed, but also has minerals to mine, or something that is basically a desert?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai immediately replied, “So you mean nobody bothered to claim those bad planets? It isn’t because they are uninhabitable?”</p>

  <p>Margaret nodded, “Correct. Most of the unclaimed planets are actually habitable. However, only those with strong bodies could survive in them. The environment is too bad that improving it for normal habitation is too expensive. Therefore, nobody wanted them. Everyone would rather squeeze into a good planet than relocate to one with a bad environment.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, he could understand. Although the Machine Field Planet was just one of the habitable planets, its population wasn’t any less than Earth. This meant that people preferred to live in good environments. Compared to Machine Field Planet, other planets with worse environments weren’t as crowded.</p>

  <p>Margaret looked at Zhao Hai and said, “There’s another thing about those planets that people don’t want. It’s the location. It isn’t good. Generally, these planets are located at the edge of the Machine Field. There are no main lines of communication towards those planets and products would take a long time to be transported there. It can be said that those places are wastelands. But that isn’t a problem for us. We have the Space and we can also change the environment bit by bit. We can claim those planets as our territories, we can even make the people inside the Space live in them.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Those planets will be very useful to us. However, it would be too eye-catching if we populate them with the people directly from the Space. We should think about other ways to move people from other places. We don’t have to worry about the population for the time being, we can take care of it slowly. If I’m able to receive a planet as a reward, then I’ll have to hand its management over to you since I’ll be heading to the Six Realms Battlefield. I’m afraid I won’t have the time to manage it.”</p>

  <p>Margaret nodded, “I’ll discuss this with Sister Laura and the others. You don’t need to worry about this.”</p>

  <p>Zhao hai nodded, “Talk to Grandma Merine about this as well. Our situation in the Black Wasteland is the same as this. We managed to change the environment there bit by bit. I’m sure we can do it again in the Machine Field.”</p>

  <p>Margaret laughed softly, she couldn’t help but love Zhao Hai more. She was aware of what Zhao Hai went through. To be honest, Margaret couldn’t imagine how Zhao Hai was able to get to his current status.</p>

  <p>Although she saw the magical abilities of the Space, Laura and the others told her that it was because the Space has undergone multiple level ups.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and Margaret chatted for a while before Desbarres sent someone to tell them that the party was about to begin. Zhao Hai immediately got up and went to the party’s location.</p>

  <p>Since a lot of people were invited to the party, the event could only happen outside. All sorts of people attended the party. Those who watched the competition in the Void Arena were also present. Since they were already acquainted with Zhao Hai, they naturally came over to greet him. Zhao Hai also greeted them one by one.</p>

  <p>There were also some people from External Halls, but they weren’t able to get close to Zhao Hai. This was because surrounding him were the Core Juniors of Great Families. Even if these people from External Halls forced themselves in, they still wouldn’t be able to get through.</p>

  <p>Everyone knows that Zhao Hai’s status could only go up at this point. Moreover, it’s clear that the Ashley Family wouldn’t be able to keep him. Everyone knew about his relationship with Margaret but they don’t believe that Zhao Hai would stay because of her. Now, Zhao Hai has prestige, reputation, and money. What he needed right now was contacts and connections.</p>

  <p>People become someone’s subordinate because they wanted a comfortable life, but this doesn’t mean that everyone was willing to be subservient to another person. Zhao Hai had great strength, skills, and was now building up his connections. Adding all of these things up, it was only a matter of time before Zhao Hai became an unstoppable force in the realm. Therefore, it was much better to establish a relationship with him now than in the future.</p>

  <p>And those people who establish a connection with Zhao Hai would also benefit from him. It can be said that this relationship would bring mutual benefit.</p>

  <p>After receiving toasts from people in Machine Field Planet for five days, Zhao Hai took Margaret back to Dark Demon Planet. Now that everyone knew that Zhao Hai can use space magic, there was no need to hide his ability. So he just took Margaret with him and went straight to the planet.</p>

  <p>Although Zhao Hai has returned to the Machine Field, he was still paying attention to the situation in the Cultivation Realm. After all, he killed a lot of Cultivators and Devil Practitioners. At this time, the Cultivation Realm and the Devil Realm were stuck on how to deal with him. If Zhao Hai’s wasn’t careful, then he might give them a reason to make a move.</p>

  <p>Both the Cultivation Realm and the Devil Realm weren’t good to provoke. And this time, he made a huge wave that might attract the Great Sects. They would pay close attention to Zhao Hai. And if allowed, they would strike with speed that’s as fast as lightning. Zhao Hai needed to prevent them from doing so.</p>

  <p>The Cultivation Realm’s reaction was within Zhao Hai’s expectations. His arrival in Machine Field Planet was immediately known by the Cultivation Realm. Upon receiving this news, the people from the Cultivation Realm paused for a moment. Then they immediately appointed more manpower to send to the Void Arena.</p>

  <p>Naturally, they weren’t able to find anything. All traces had been cleared up by Zhao Hai. More than 100 people disappeared into thin air.</p>

  <p>Additionally, Zhao Hai threw smoke into the situation by saying that he wasn’t attacked. Nobody could believe Zhao Hai’s words. But in the end, they remembered that a lot of people remained in order to deal with him. Nascent Soul Experts wouldn’t be able to survive under the assault of so many people. Even Immortals wouldn’t be able to return unscathed.</p>

  <p>But now that Zhao Hai returned to the Machine Field in such a relaxed manner, the Cultivators couldn’t help but believe that he wasn’t attacked. But if this was the case, what happened to all those Cultivators and Devil Practitioners? Did they just vanish?</p>

  <p>The Cultivation Realm and the Devil Realm’s investigation intensified. They scoured the entire Void Arena but they were unable to find anything. The more than 100 experts that wanted to deal with Zhao Hai seemed to have vanished into thin air. Meanwhile, Zhao Hai was safe and sound back in the Machine Field.</p>

  <p>This matter got more and more noisy in the Cultivation Realm. Originally, the Cultivation Realm and the Devil Realm made a temporary alliance in order to deal with Zhao Hai. But now that the more than 100 experts had disappeared, the people from the Devil Realm began accusing the Cultivators of killing their experts and then hiding the perpetrators.</p>

  <p>At the same time, the people from the Cultivation Realm accused the Devil Realm of killing their experts. The two sides began blaming each other.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t expect this situation to happen. He expected the two realms to immediately plot against him. Who thought that the two would instead turn on each other.</p>

  <p>When he saw the situation develop into this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but shake his head as he smiled bitterly. It seems like the Cultivation Realm and the Devil Realm couldn never have any amicable relationship. He was worried over nothing.</p>

  <p>Seeing the Cultivation Realm being restless, Zhao Hai felt relieved. After he and Margaret returned to Dark Demon Planet, they immediately met Cadjo and then the Patriarch.</p>

  <p>Thunder didn’t say anything. He wasn’t too enthusiastic in meeting Zhao Hai nor was he indifferent towards him. This was a bit unexpected for Zhao Hai, but he didn’t mind it. To be honest, he doesn’t have much of a relationship with Thunder Ashley. He doesn’t owe Thunder anything. On the contrary, he helped the Ashley Family rise up, so it was the Ashley Family who owes him.</p>

  <p>However, no matter what, Margaret was Thunder’s daughter. Because of this, Zhao Hai was polite towards the Patriarch. Although the two weren’t amicable, their relationship wasn’t bad.</p>

  <p>On the other hand, Zhao Hai’s relationship with Cadjo was very good. The two were very close. When Cadjo saw that Zhao Hai was back, he was naturally glad.</p>

  <p>After meeting with Cadjo, Zhao Hai and Margaret returned to the Bone Symbol Camp. It must be said that inside the Ashley Family, Zhao Hai was familiar with the Bone Symbol Camp the most. As soon as Zhao Hai and Margaret returned to the Bone Symbol Camp, the entire camp erupted in celebration. Everyone immediately went out to greet them.</p>

  <p>Although Desbarres was still the Camp Lord, the Bone Symbol Camp’s management has been turned over to Tie Shen and Tao Wang. Needless to say, Zhao Hai’s relationship with the two was very good.</p>

  <p>Due to Zhao Hai’s exploits, the Bone Symbol Camp was very proud of him. And because of his relationship with the camp, there’s nobody in the Machine Field that doesn’t know about Ashley Family’s Bone Symbol Camp. Once people from the camp go on a mission, other people would immediately be polite to them.</p>

  <p>Everyone from the Bone Symbol Camp certainly knew that everything they enjoyed right now was because of Zhao Hai. Now that Zhao Hai was back, they were naturally happy. Tie Sheng immediately gathered everyone to the cafeteria. Food was also being prepared.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was also met with a surprise in the camp. Barlett and the others were here. After they graduated from the Ascender Academy, they officially joined the Bone Symbol Camp. But since the time they joined wasn’t that long, when they heard about Zhao Hai’s situation, they couldn’t help but be surprised.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was also very happy seeing them. He exchanged a few words with the group, much to the envy of everyone else in the camp.</p>
</body>
</html>