<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 673: Demon!</h3>

  <p>Green and the others didn’t come out, but they were still looking at Zhao Hai through the monitor. Zhao Hai commanded his army to assemble into cube formation as he slowly flew towards Dragon’s Peak.</p>

  <p>Before long, the group arrived at the summit, however, Zhao Hai still cannot see any dragons. Zhao Hai was met with a completely empty Dragon’s Peak. He couldn’t help but stare blankly, did the Dragons actually leave?</p>

  <p>Since he couldn’t see anything else, Zhao Hai immediately turned to look at the monitor to see if he can discover things there. Zhao Hai carefully watched the monitor, the caverns of the Dragons were still there, the things that the Dragons had collected were present as well. The only thing missing in the place were the Dragons themselves.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai immediately searched around using the monitor. He wanted to see whether the Dragons really left or if something else happened. He believed that there should be clues to be seen. Sure enough, Zhao Hai noticed that the lake under the crater was quite special. The monitor couldn’t see anything inside it. The same happened in the Devil Trench as well as the Soul Sucking Reef. Every place where a treasure was found seemed to exhibit this property. Was a treasure present in this lake as well?</p>

  <p>After thinking about it, Zhao Hai immediately received the majority of his undead. Then he released some marine undead before he sat inside the Blade Scale Whale. Then the group dove into the lake.</p>

  <p>Naturally, the monitor wasn’t able to see much into the lake. Compared to outside, the range of vision was too low, only about 500 meters.</p>

  <p>Looking from above, the lake wasn’t very big. After Zhao Hai released the Blade Scale Whale, he could only release 100 undead creatures. If he had more, then they wouldn’t be able to enter the lake.</p>

  <p>This 100 undead formed around Zhao Hai in a cube formation. As the slowly dived into the lake, Zhao Hai discovered something strange, the lake was actually very deep.</p>

  <p>He was already inside the lake for about ten minutes. And in these 10 minutes, even if they dove slowly, they should have already covered several kilometers. And yet, the bottom was nowhere to be found.</p>

  <p>This was just a lake, how could it be very deep? Zhao Hai became more curious as the dove down. He looked at the monitor and occasionally turned its view to all directions, only to see nothing. Zhao Hai didn’t care, he just continued to look at the monitor. Then suddenly, Zhao Hai felt something was wrong.</p>

  <p>Then Zhao Hai understood, from what he can theorize, the surrounding waters had become much wider. This prompted him to look around much more seriously.</p>

  <p>Sure enough, when he entered the lake, it wasn’t very big, he can even see the sides of the lake through the muddy waters. But now, he couldn’t see the sides anymore. The only reason for this was that the lake had widened.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared for a moment before he stopped his dive. Then he commanded the undead to look for the sides of the lake.</p>

  <p>After a long time, Zhao Hai had finally figured out the shape of the lake. The area at the bottom of the lake was much wider than the surface. The shape of the lake was like an inverted bowl, with the mouth being the smallest part and it gets wider as it goes down.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was now more curious about the lake. He commanded the Blade Scale Whale to continue the dive. At this point, Zhao Hai was convinced that he had already penetrated about 10 thousand meters into the lake, but it seems like there was no end in sight.</p>

  <p>But what made Zhao Hai feel even more strange was the mere absence of magic beasts inside this lake. Not only magic beasts, there weren’t any plants here as well. This made Zhao Hai careful, this lake was truly out of the ordinary.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai carefully watched the monitor while also paying attention to his surroundings. There weren’t any magic beasts in the lake water, there weren’t any marine plants as well. The lake had now become quite clear, Zhao Hai can even see further than the monitor just by using his own two eyes.</p>

  <p>The suddenly, Zhao Hai spotted something not far under him. There seems to be a layer of black gas. Zhao Hai found out that the monitor was unable to penetrate through that gas. Zhao Hai stopped, then he hardened his resolve as he commanded the Blade Scale Whale to go straight by the layer of gas.</p>

  <p>Before long, Zhao Hai was surrounded by the gas. He also discovered that this gas wasn’t the bottom of the lake, instead, it seems to be shrouding something.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knit the brows of his head, he felt that this layer was not simple. It can actually block the monitor, at the same time, it also seems to be concealing something inside the lake.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai decided to explore it by himself. He went out of the Blade Scale Whale and placed his hand on the layer. Unexpectedly, the layer allowed his hand to go through, but it also blocked the lake water from entering.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai felt great, he received the Blade Scale Whale before he entered the layer of gas. The layer wasn’t very thick, it was just too dark, making Zhao Hai unable to see anything. But just about two meters away, light can then be seen. Upon coming out of the layer of gas, the scene that Zhao Hai saw gave him a huge surprise.</p>

  <p>Inside was a huge space, it might even be as big as the entire Accra Mountain. Inside this huge space was a similarly large magic formation. The formation had mostly occupied the entire space’s floor.</p>

  <p>This magic formation looked mysteriously exceptional, it comprised of innumerable magic symbols. But what made Zhao Hai feel strange was that these magic symbols were all colored blood red, and it was connected to each other by flowing blood. Inside this magic formation were Dragons, about 10 thousand of them. All of which were in a static position on the formation. Their positions were very strange, it seems to form a strange pattern, something that looked like a devil’s face.</p>

  <p>On the sides of the Dragons were countless amounts of lesser dragons, which were similarly just lying there. Along with the Dragons, all of them formed a huge devil face. At the same time, Zhao Hai also discovered a detail, both Dragons and lesser dragons were killed with a big wound on their necks. Their blood flowing into the magic symbols on the formation.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was currently flying up above the formation. The layer of gas looked black when he was back in the lake, but now, it actually changed into the same color as blood. At the same time, red liquid was raining down from the layer of gas. When this red liquid fell to the ground, it immediately fused into the magic formation. It was quite strange because there weren’t any places that the liquid could flow into, all of them fused with the magic formations and just vanished without a trace.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knitted the brows on his head again, he felt that this space was really strange. Although the entire place was bright, he could see upon further inspection that the light was also tinted red. This color scheme could actually make someone feel choked.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai placed his hand out and cought a drop of the red liquid and then placed it on his nose to smell it. Almost instantaneously, the smell of blood assaulted his nose. Zhao Hai’s expression immediately turned ugly, the red rain was actually blood!</p>

  <p>Then Zhao Hai turned his head back to the formation as well as the amount of red liquid raining down. He couldn’t estimate how much blood this was.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai frowned, then he waved his hand as a clump of black gas came out and wrapped the Dragons and the lesser dragons. Zhao Hai wanted to turn them into undead.</p>

  <p>At this time, a sharp screech was suddenly heard, then it was followed by a bellow, “Who dares!” Then a big bloody red hand reached out from a place not far from the layer of gas and blocked the black gas. Surprisingly it actually succeeded in doing so.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gawked, his expression turned ugly, this bloody hand can actually defend against Zhao Hai’s dark magic. This showed that the owner of this hand was quite strong. Zhao Hai turned his head towards the hand and said, “Who’s there? Come out!”</p>

  <p>“Hahaha!” An ominous laugh was heard, then a person came in from the other side of the layer. Upon seeing this person, Zhao Hai’s pupils couldn’t help but shrink. This person’s body was very tall and big, about 2.5 meters high. It wore beast skin garments but also had scales covering its body. It also had two curved horns on its head, something that looked like an argali’s horn. In each of its hand were six fingers, along with long and pointy nails that shone blue. On its back were a pair of big meaty wings that flapped constantly. It also had a tail, it was very long, about five or six meters. On the head of the tail was something that looked like an arrow point. The tail was constantly moving around, just like how snakes slithered.</p>

  <p>At this time, Cai’er suddenly said, “Young Master, that’s someone from the Demon Realm. Specifically, from the realm’s most formidable beings, Demon Clan. In fact, the entire realm was ruled by these Demons.”</p>

  <p>When he heard Cai’er, Zhao Hai’ eyes couldn’t help but shrink. He looked at the Demon and said, “I didn’t think that I’d be able to meet a Demon from the Demon Realm. How can you appear here?’</p>

  <p>As soon as the Demon heard Zhao Hai, he couldn’t help but gawk. Then he laughed out loud and said, “I didn’t expect the continent to remember creatures like us. Hahaha. This is interesting, too interesting!”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the Demon and said, “Why can you appear here? Is there a spatial rift?”</p>

  <p>The Demon looked at Zhao Hai and then laughed once again, “You’re quite intelligent. But you’re ruthless as well. You actually killed all of the magic beasts in Accra Mountain. Well, I think I need to thank you for that.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was puzzled, so he asked, “What do you mean?”</p>

  <p>The Demon looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Well, in any case, you cannot escape, so it doesn’t matter if I tell you. There is actually no spatial crack here. However, the place where the rift was in in the Demonic Abyss. That was where we had set up a crack between the Demon Realm and the Ark Continent.”</p>
</body>
</html>