<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 744: Repelled</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai was not too satisfied with the raging bulls On the other hand, wasn’t aware about how startled Cloud Ying was.</p>

  <p>The Divine Race held a lot of power because of their profession called Summoner. These were the people who wore mage robe behind Cloud Ying. The main attack of these people were their summons. And all of their summons were magic beasts who lived in the Divine Realm.</p>

  <p>The magic beasts in the Divine Realm and the Ark Continent were different. The weakest magic beasts in the Divine Realm would be 7th ranks. Beasts that had 8th or 9th rank strengths weren’t rare in the Divine Realm.</p>

  <p>However, the Summoners in the Divine Realm aren’t any different from the Summoners in the Ark Continent. The magic beasts that they summon also needed to be captured. After capturing their beasts, only then could they store it inside their own summon space. Their spaces were quite big and can accept a lot of magic beasts. Moreover, the more magic beasts they gain, the more space their space would have.</p>

  <p>The status of these Summoners was very high among the Divine Race. This wasn’t only because they were able to summon magic beasts, it was also because they were able to summon the Deity.</p>

  <p>The Summoners that came along with Cloud Ying were expert Summoners of the Divine Race. Their beasts were mostly 9th or God rank, their fighting strength was extraordinary.</p>

  <p>In Cloud Ying’s mind, once the Summoners take their beasts out, then the Ark Continent would have certainly lost. After all, the Ark Continent didn’t have any God-rank experts. Additionally, they only had 9th rank beasts, of which were very few in number. With such quality, how could the continent be able to contend with the Divine Race?</p>

  <p>However, what Cloud Ying and the Divine Race didn’t expect was Zhao Hai’s existence. He single handedly broke their preconceptions about the Ark Continent. The undead that Zhao Hai summoned were even 9th rank. Moreover, the amount of undead that Zhao Hai could summon was enough to make a person’s head hurt.</p>

  <p>And now, Zhao Hai released a large amount of 9th rank magic beasts. This action made Cloud Ying speechless. Zhao Hai’s methods were enough to shock people even if he was in the Divine Realm. Cloud Ying couldn’t understand how the Ark Continent could possibly give birth to a monster such as Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>It didn’t take too long before the raging bulls clashed with the heavy cavalry. It was at this moment that the Divine Race’s cavalry fully demonstrated their might. Although the raging bulls were 9th rank, they still weren’t able to resist the hammers of the heavy cavalry.</p>

  <p>However, the raging bulls were still 9th rank, they still held great strength. At the same time, there were also a lot of heavy cavalry soldiers that had been knocked down from their mounts, and then proceeded to get mercilessly stamped.</p>

  <p>Naturally, Zhao Hai wouldn’t let these losses be a waste. Every single raging bull and Divine Race cavalry that died were all absorbed into the Space. His undead were the continent’s main weapon against the Demons and the Divine Race, it would be good if their numbers were to be constantly supplemented.</p>

  <p>This was because in the end, the undead in his hands weren’t truly undying. They could still be destroyed by a powerful attack. From the start of the battle until now, Zhao Hai didn’t stop to absorb every single dead enemy body in the battlefield.</p>

  <p>After being faced with the raging bulls, the Divine Race heavy cavalry couldn’t help but stop their charge. At this time, the Beastmen had also met with the magic beasts that the Divine Race Summoners took out. Fortunately they had blood lightning beads in their hands. And in addition to their fast mounts, they were able to run away in order to save themselves from the magic beast attack.</p>

  <p>This battle also demonstrated how mighty the Divine Race were. Only those who face the Divine Race understood how terrible it would be to fight against them. These people only faced a subpar heavy cavalry unit of the Divine Race. If they faced stronger Divine Race forces, then they could only be faced with a massacre.</p>

  <p>What disappointed the Beastmen this time was the fact that their weapons were unable to be used against the Divine Race. If Zhao Hai hadn’t given them some blood lightning beads, then it might have been very difficult for them to kill any heavy cavalry unit.</p>

  <p>This did not mean that their weapons were vastly inferior to the Divine Race, this simply meant that they had inferior strength. It can be said that the heavy cavalry only had average strength. Without their charge, then they wouldn’t have had many good points. However, even with their 8th rank strength, the heavy cavalry soldiers also held innate strength, something that even Beastmen were unable to compare with. This aspect allowed the Beastmen understand the Divine Race’s strength.</p>

  <p>Seeing with one’s own eyes was truly different from hearing about it. The Beastmen now knew why Zhao Hai paid so much attention into the war with the Divine Race. At the same time, the Beastmen were now more convinced of Zhao Hai. They understood that they needed to pour all of their strength into the war, sparing nothing in order to gain victory.</p>

  <p>As the fight continued, Cloud Ying began to discover that taking the city this day would be impossible. Zhao Hai had too many methods in order to deal with their advance. It seems like the war would need to be drawn out for a long time.</p>

  <p>At this time, the Elves had returned to the battlefield. However, there were no horned pegasus cavalry going after them, all of them killed, never to come back.</p>

  <p>Cloud Ying started to count the losses on his side. He discovered that from the start to the present, they had losses that surpassed ten thousand people. One must know that it had only been a few hours since the fight started. Cloud Ying didn’t expect that they would have this much loss.</p>

  <p>In the past, Cloud Ying felt disdain towards Silver Shuke for being unable to take the city and even managed to take heavy casualties. He thought that Silver Shuke was very incompetent in his job. But as it turns out, it was actually because of the multitude of tricks that Zhao Hai had. Most importantly, Zhao Hai even managed to eliminate the Deity’s projection, this was too big of an impact to their morale.</p>

  <p>The heavy cavalry has been stopped, as well as the light cavalry. At this point, there was no way for them to proceed. This made Cloud Ying think, they had already lost ten thousand people, it wouldn’t be great if this situation were to go on for much longer.</p>

  <p>Cloud Ying looked at the battlefield. The infantry were yet to go forward, but the heavy and light cavalries were already stopped, they even managed to take huge losses. Additionally, the combat capabilities of Zhao Hai’s undead wasn’t any weak and were still quite numerous. Cloud Ying couldn’t help but grit his teeth as he commanded, “Withdraw!”</p>

  <p>Just as he said that, a messenger beside him immediately took out a small copper bell and proceeded to knock on it. Although the bronze bell was very small, it was very loud. The entire battlefield were able to hear the loud banging sound of the bell.</p>

  <p>The Divine Race knew that this signal meant retreat. Therefore, they didn’t dare to continue on. They made their formations and the proceeded to slowly retreat.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai saw this and didn’t order his troops to pursue. The army the Divine Race had sent out today wasn’t a lot. Zhao Hai was afraid that if they pursue, then they might fall into an ambush. And even if there was no ambush, the Divine Race could just send their other troops to attack the city while Zhao Hai clashed with the retreating troops. After all, Zhao Hai was aware of the number of troops that were present in the Divine Race’s camp.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai just stood there, looking at the Divine Race army as they slowly drew back. However, his mood was actually very heavy. Although they had managed to repel the Divine Race today, the methods that they showed made Zhao Hai feel quite terrible.</p>

  <p>This was especially true for their method of summoning that immortal cultivator. This made Zhao Hai very vigilant. The opposite party’s projection almost managed to kill him. If that was his main body, how strong could he be? If the Divine Race decided to summon a lot of immortal cultivators, then the Ark Continent’s troubles would surely be big.</p>

  <p>After the Divine Race retreated, Zhao Hai returned to the city’s wall. When Lizzy saw Zhao Hai, she quickly said, “Big Brother Hai, are you alright? Did you get hurt?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I’m fine, don’t worry. We’ve also managed to get some good harvests this time. Right, a lot of Dwarves and Beastmen managed to get injured this time. Prepare to have them cured as soon as possible.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy nodded, then she immediately gave orders to the people in the army. They also had the city’s defensive formation taken down, allowing the three groups from outside to go in.</p>

  <p>Before long, the three army divisions came back. Some of these people were injured, while some died. Zhao Hai didn’t turn those who fell in battle into his undead, that method was only reserved for his enemies, he wouldn’t do the same for his allies. Although this will make him lose a lot of potential undead, he knew that if he did this, the three races would get angry. Even if they didn’t get angry in front of him, it would still bring resentment, possibly making future cooperation very difficult.</p>

  <p>Since Lizzy already made preparations ahead of time, the injured were immediately given treatment after they arrived. Zhao Hai also had his undead assist in giving aid. At the same time, Zhao Hai also called the various leaders over. They were to meet at the city lord’s mansion’s battle room.</p>

  <p>After all of them arrived and had sat down, Zhao Hai immediately said, “The fight with the Divine Race, what do you think?”</p>

  <p>The complexion of these people weren’t very good. The Divine Race were more powerful than they imagined. If they didn’t have the blood lightning beads and Zhao Hai, then it would be impossible for them to achieve today’s result.</p>

  <p>Seeing their expressions, Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Can’t speak? Think that they’re too powerful? Haha. They are indeed strong, but as you can see, they were still repelled. Don’t worry, my side has been working hard in order to produce potions that can promote your levels. When that time comes, you won’t be too afraid of fighting with the Divine Race anymore.”</p>

  <p>Baker gave a nod and said, “The Divine Race are surely formidable. However, they aren’t invincible beings. If our strengths improved, then we could surely fight them head to head.”</p>

  <p>The group nodded. They were also aware of the difference between them and the Divine Race. The most gleaming disparity was their strength. The weakest level soldier in the Divine Race army were 8th ranks. However, 8th ranks were already seen as strong people in the Ark Continent’s side. This difference in perception was just too big.</p>
</body>
</html>