<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1137: Doing a mission</h3>

  <p>Three days have passed since the end of the Ashley Family’s qualifiers. At this time, Zhao Hai was already a celebrity in the family. He was called the strongest beginner in the External Hall.</p>

  <p>The reason why everyone added ‘beginner’ was because the External Hall’s camps also had old ascenders who were very strong. Everyone thought that it would be impossible for Zhao Hai to defeat them. Therefore, they only gave him the title of strongest beginner.</p>

  <p>It was only Desbarres and a few people who understood that not only the entire External Hall, but Zhao Hai would be one of the strongest experts in the Machine Field if he used Liquid Silver.</p>

  <p>However, this matter was a secret; nobody would dare reveal it. Also, in the past few days, the Bone Symbol Camp was immersed in an endless mood of festivity. Of course, the most enviable thing in the Bone Symbol Camp was Zhao Hai’s relationship with Margaret. By this point, everyone had regarded Zhao Hai and Margaret to be together. Everyone could see the both of them together almost every day.</p>

  <p>The Machine Field’s realm qualifiers would be held in two month’s time. In these two months, the Ashley Family as well as the other families would collect information about the other contestants for the competition.</p>

  <p>And in these two months, the family had limited Zhao Hai’s activity. If Zhao Hai wanted to do something, then it needed to be approved by the family. In essence, Zhao Hai’s life had turned back to normal.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai also found the chance to return to the academy to see Dins and the others. Dins and the others were also aware of Zhao Hai’s achievements. They didn’t think that Zhao Hai would be this strong just a few months after ascending. Their friend’s progress naturally made them very happy.</p>

  <p>Dins and the others were also doing very well lately. They already reached a state of being able to outdo others. Moreover, with how Zhao Hai was taking care of them, they had already regarded him as a friend and family member. Because of this, Zhao Hai’s progress made them glad.</p>

  <p>After a short reunion with Dins and the others, Zhao Hai returned to the Bone Symbol Camp to resume his training. However, Zhao Hai knew that closing up at this point would be useless. And now that he had become a member of the Bone Symbol Camp, he wanted to do something.</p>

  <p>It was impossible for the Bone Symbol Camp to develop if they just relied on money. They still needed to do missions. And through these missions, they would slowly gain reputation. So when a special mission comes up, then someone might come and approach the camp.</p>

  <p>After the family’s internal qualifiers, the Bone Symbol Camp experienced a low-point in doing missions. Even Tie Sheng, the person in charge of missions in the Bone Symbol Camp, took a rest.</p>

  <p>With the realm qualifiers happening in two months, Zhao Hai didn’t want to spend the entire time practicing. Practicing wasn’t productive to him. What’s productive was doing missions and making contributions to the Bone Symbol Camp.</p>

  <p>Because of this, when Zhao Hai returned from the Academy, he immediately went to look for Desbarres. Since Desbarres was the External Hall’s manager and the Bone Symbol Camp’s lord, it was enough for Zhao Hai to approach him.</p>

  <p>Seeing Zhao Hai looking for him, Desbarres stared for a moment before he said, “Little Hai, why are you here? Do you need anything?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Camp Lord, I have something to discuss.”</p>

  <p>Desbarres frowned, “What is it? I’ll do my best to help you.”</p>

  <p>Seeing Desbarres’s reaction, Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Camp Lord, ever since I entered the camp, I have yet to do a mission. I couldn’t justify this. Since the Machine Field qualifiers isn’t happening soon, I’d like to use this opportunity to do a mission.”</p>

  <p>When he heard this, Desbarres thought that he misunderstood. He frowned and said, “You want to do a mission? Don’t you have to prepare for getting top ten in the realm qualifiers two months from now?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “That isn’t an issue. I’m currently on a bottleneck. Even if I close up, it would be useless. It’s better for me to do missions and experience actual combat. This way, I can also get more familiar with Little Silver.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Desbarres nodded and said, “Alright, I agree. But you need to consult Tie Sheng. The camp’s missions are being managed by him.” Zhao Hai nodded and went to find Tie Sheng.</p>

  <p>Tie Sheng’s office was also inside the camp’s headquarters. He was tasked with picking and handing missions to the camp. There were also particularly important missions that needed to be personally managed by him.</p>

  <p>Tie Sheng’s missions weren’t too crucial. Generally, he would handle group missions, taken in the name of the Bone Symbol Camp. He wouldn’t participate in missions that were taken in his own name.</p>

  <p>At this time, Tie Sheng was processing documents in his office. Then suddenly, the door opened and a person walked in. Tie Sheng looked up and gawked. He didn’t expect Zhao Hai to come looking for him.</p>

  <p>However, Tie Sheng quickly recovered. He looked at Zhao Hai in confusion and said, “Little Hai, what brings you to my office? You want to drink? Let me finish this first.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Big Brother Tie Sheng, do I need to ask you for a drink whenever I see you? This time I didn’t come for a drink, I want to ask for a mission.”</p>

  <p>Tie Sheng stared, he was puzzled so he asked, “You want a mission? The realm qualifiers is happening soon. It would be better for you to stay in the camp.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai replied, “Brother Tie Sheng, at this point, practicing is useless for me. Therefore, I want to do missions in order to gain battle experience. This would also allow me to be more familiar with Liquid Silver.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Tie Sheng nodded and said, “Alright. After all, with Liquid Silver, it wouldn’t be a problem for you to survive in the beginner competition. I can give you a mission. What type of mission do you want?”</p>

  <p>Naturally, Tie Sheng’s confidence in Liquid Silver was much greater than his confidence of Zhao Hai. However, he still wasn’t confident in the Machine Field’s performance at the Six Realm Beginner Competition.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t say anything about it and just smiled faintly and said, “I haven’t taken any missions before, so I’ll leave the choice to you. A group mission would be good. However, it needs to be a bit difficult. Or else I won’t be able to familiarize myself with Liquid Silver.”</p>

  <p>Tie Sheng thought for a moment and said, “A group mission would be good, this way you can have people taking care of you. I’ll see what missions we have available.”</p>

  <p>Tie Sheng opened his computer and searched for a while. Then his eyes suddenly shone. He turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, this mission is very suitable for you. You can finally take revenge.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai replied, “Revenge? Does it involve the Zhang Family?”</p>

  <p>Tie Sheng nodded, “Right. It’s an internal mission of the Zhang Family. They need to escort a fleet of ten medium freighters to Luke Planet from their headquarters in Adam Planet. They would send people from their External Hall for this mission. What we need to do is to disguise as pirates to attack their fleet. There’s no other purpose for this mission other than striking the Zhang Family. So are you interested? This will make you go against a battleship. Moreover, it’s a group mission.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s two eyes shone, he said, “Good, I’m interested. Right, who else will take this mission?”</p>

  <p>Tie Sheng smiled faintly and said, “I’ll be going. And besides the Bone Symbol Camp, other camps would also send their own people. The commander for this mission is a core member of the family. But the people from the Bone Symbol Camp will act together. Will you join?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai laughed and said, “Of course I’ll join. I wouldn’t want to miss this opportunity. But if we take a battleship down, how will the accomplishment be handled?”</p>

  <p>Tie Sheng looked strangely at Zhao Hai and said, “Good. It seems like you’re prepared to go to extremes. Rest assured, as long as you’re able to take a battleship down, everything left behind will be handed over to the Bone Symbol Camp. You might not know, but modified battleships can fetch a good price. And even if we don’t sell it, we can still make use of it.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “Then it’s settled, I’ll participate. When do we start?”</p>

  <p>Tie Sheng smiled faintly and said, “We depart five days later.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hao nodded, “Alright, then I’ll be waiting.” Then he turned around and left.</p>

  <p>As soon as he got back to his room, Zhao Hai found that Margaret was already waiting for him. Upon seeing Zhao Hai, Margaret stood up and said, “Where did you go? Why didn’t I find you?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I went to see the Camp Lord. Since the qualifiers is still two months away, I decided to do some missions. I just met with Brother Tie Sheng, we’ll be departing five days later.”</p>

  <p>When Margaret heard Zhao Hai, she couldn’t help but say, “What mission is it? And the Camp Lord agreed?” Margaret already knew about Liquid Silver, so after thinking about it for some time, she said, “I’ll take the mission as well.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, then he quickly said, “Why do you want to take the mission, what if something happens? And even if you want to, the Camp Lord might not agree.”</p>

  <p>Margaret snorted and said, “Don’t underestimate me. I’m a level 4 Mage. I’ll go see Uncle right now.” Then she turned around and left. Zhao Hai initially wanted to stop her but he decided to give up.&#160;</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled bitterly before his body flashed into space. Laura and the others immediately welcomed him. Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, why don’t you find an opportunity to take her to the Space?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Laura and couldn’t help but force a smile, “Let’s wait. She’s not suitable for the Space right now. Are you getting more anxious than me?”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and said, “We just want to see her reaction upon seeing the Space.” Zhao Hai smiled bitterly, he didn’t know how to respond.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai chatted with Laura and the others before going back outside. He knew that Margaret should be coming back by now. And just as Zhao Hai came out, Margaret knocked on his door with a smile on her face. Upon seeing Zhao Hai she said, “I’ll be going with you five days later. It’s time for me to take my revenge.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled bitterly. From what he saw during the Zhang Family’s attack last time, he knew that Margaret’s experience was still too low. She was dreaming if she really wanted to take revenge against the Zhang family.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai wouldn’t tell her this. Instead he smiled and said, “Alright. We only need to follow Brother Tie Sheng’s lead. He’s quite strong and has a lot of experience in command. There shouldn’t be any problems.”</p>

  <p>Margaret actually looked both excited and nervous. She was like a child that was waiting to do something evil. With her excited face, Margaret looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Hey, what if we take a ship by force? Do we sell it or use it?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Relax. These things will be handed over to the camp to manage.” Margaret’s excitement didn’t reduce at all. She kept discussing to Zhao Hai about keeping it.</p>

  <p>Five days quickly passed by. This mission was kept in deep secrecy. Only a small number of people in the Ashley Family knew about it. Even those who accepted the mission were still unaware about what they would do.</p>

  <p>This time, 200 members from the Bone Symbol Camp joined. The weakest of them was at level 3. After all, those less than level 3 couldn’t survive going in outer space.&#160;</p>

  <p>Although there were a lot of people from the Bone Symbol Camp, two people became the center of attention. They were Zhao Hai and Margaret.</p>

  <p>Margaret’s status in the Ashley Family wasn’t a secret. Additionally, she had been visiting Zhao Hai recently. Because of this, the people from the Bone Symbol Camp knew about her. They just didn’t expect Zhao Hai and Margaret to participate in the mission.</p>

  <p>All those who participated in the mission were sent out to outer space by a small spaceship. Then they transferred to a bigger ship before heading to their destination.</p>

  <p>Since this mission was kept secret, all camps involved would gather at the outer space base and take a medium-sized battleship.</p>

  <p>For this mission, the External Hall dispatched more than 1700 people altogether. With so many people and only one ship, the rooms were very packed. Rooms originally for one person now had six people squeezed inside.</p>

  <p>The room that Zhao Hai was in had the same situation, but fortunately he was grouped up with those from the Bone Symbol Camp. As for Margaret, since she had special status, she was allocated a room for herself.</p>

  <p>After everyone had arrived at the outer space base, the spaceship immediately took off. Their destination was a place called Rainbow Meteor Field.</p>
</body>
</html>