<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1274: Becoming a Celebrity</h3>

  <p>Actually, the people from the Cultivation Realm felt strange. The Cultivation Realm and the Devil Realm knew that Fu Yishan and Zhongli Qiang were taking care of Zhao Hai back in the Void Arena. And to prevent people from rescuing Zhao Hai, they blockaded the transmission formation.</p>

  <p>However, how long has it been? The Cultivators knew that there were more than 100 people who remained to deal with Zhao Hai. Although most of them were Foundation Establishment Experts, these experts were still at the top of their level. As for geniuses like Suo Liancheng, they all returned to their sects since they still need to cultivate.</p>

  <p>In the minds of the Cultivators, dealing with Zhao Hai shouldn’t be dangerous and there’s no need for that many people to remain in order to deal with him. A lot of those experts who remained did so for their reputation. They would be able to boast later on that, “Remember the Machine Field’s genius Zhao Hai? He was killed by us!” Nobody was thinking that they would fail.</p>

  <p>Naturally, Zhao Hai knew about all of these. However, he didn’t want to return to the Machine Field yet. Those were more than 100 experts. If he went back now and those experts go missing, then wouldn’t that be terrifying? When the time comes, even Transcending Tribulation Experts would come deal with him. He wasn’t prepared for that kind of trouble yet.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai wasn’t idling inside the Space. He was studying Yao Guang’s formations. These formations need flags and disks to function, but Zhao Hai doesn’t need to worry about them. He has liquid silver that could transform. Whether it was a flag or a disk, it can replace them.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knew that he had offended the Cultivation Realm and the Devil Realm for real this time. People from these two realms would certainly find trouble with him in the future. And there would definitely be formation experts among these people. The World of Cultivation was a very unusual place. So even if he has the Space, he couldn’t depend on it for safety all the time. Moreover, Zhao Hai doesn’t want to reveal the Space’s secret. Revealing it would only bring him even greater trouble. Because of this, he wanted to understand as many formations as possible. Therefore, even if he doesn’t use the Space, he could still break out of formations. Only then could he keep the Space a secret.</p>

  <p>The Machine FIeld and the Cultivation Realm were at a stalemate while Zhao Hai was hiding inside the Space. At the same time, the people in the Devil Realm weren’t saying anything. For a time, it was as if everyone had forgotten about the Void Arena.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stayed inside the Space for about seven or eight days. During this period of time, the Cultivation Realm began to react. They couldn’t understand what’s taking so long. And after seeing that the Void Arena’s transmission formations have been sealed, they were even more confused. Some groups immediately sent some people on transportation artifacts to the Void Arena to break the seal on the transmission formation.</p>

  <p>People from the Devil Realm also felt that something wasn’t right. However, they don’t believe that Zhao Hai could do anything to Zhongli Qiang and the others. What they were afraid of was the Cultivators taking the opportunity to attack the Devil Realm’s people. Therefore, they also sent people to the Void Arena to check the situation.</p>

  <p>Because this matter was a joint operation between the Cultivation Realm and the Devil Realm, the Cultivators didn’t stop them. Several groups were rushing over to the Void Arena.</p>

  <p>Of course, Zhao Hai noticed this situation from inside the Space. Although he hasn’t been to a lot of places in the Cultivation Realm, he at least knew the situation in Seamount City. There were all kinds of rumors circulating inside the city at this moment. It was through these rumors that Zhao Hai became aware of what happened. He also knew that it was time for him to return.</p>

  <p>After saying goodbye to Laura and the others, Zhao Hai’s body disappeared from the Space and reappeared just outside the Ashley Family’s building in Machine Field Planet.</p>

  <p>At this time, the family’s office was very busy. Zhao Hai chose to appear in this place because Margaret was currently here.</p>

  <p>Naturally, Margaret was only here officially. She still spent most of her time inside the Space. Some time ago, Margaret had to go back to Dark Demon Planet. But now, under the reason that she was waiting for Zhao Hai, she relocated to Machine Field Planet. However, she spent most of her time inside her room and declined all visitors. She just went to the Space and played around with Laura and the others.</p>

  <p>As soon as Zhao Hai appeared outside the Ashley Family’s building, he immediately noticed that there were a lot of people from the family’s External Halls present. These people weren’t young. All of them were Ascenders with close to zero chance of breaking through. Therefore, they looked for work. And since the Ashley Family was expanding, their headquarters in the capital planet needed personnel to greet the guests as well as to guard the building. This gave the people from the External Halls slots for new jobs.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai appeared very suddenly. People were able to see him but they had yet to process who they saw. Zhao Hai just nodded at them as he walked towards the building.</p>

  <p>It was also at this time that people recovered. They had just seen Zhao Hai. They immediately flew towards the building, even overtaking Zhao Hai as they yelled, “Zhao Hai’s here! Zhao Hai is here!” The voices were too loud that people might even think that someone was coming to rob the place.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, then he smiled bitterly as he shook his head. He had already seen the Machine Field’s attitude towards him while he was inside the Space. People from External Halls were already regarding him as their idol. Knowing that he had yet to come back, they were the first people to stage a protest, requesting the realm’s higher-ups to retrieve him. Under the pressure, the Machine Field’s higher-ups had to get into conversation with the Cultivators. However, they still don’t have the courage to go to war.</p>

  <p>Now that he was back, it was given that the entire Machine Field would be in a stir. At this time, Margaret flew down from her room and dashed towards Zhao Hai. Seeing Margaret’s appearance, Zhao Hai laughed and said, “I just bid goodbye to you inside the Space, you already miss me?”</p>

  <p>While being in Zhao Hai’s embrace, Margaret whispered, “It’s an act. Sister Laura said to accompany you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Really? So you aren’t thinking of me?”</p>

  <p>Margaret squeezed her grip on Zhao Hai, but she didn’t say anything. In the eyes of other people, they looked like two lovers who haven’t seen each other for a long time. So naturally they didn’t see anything wrong.</p>

  <p>At this time, Desbarres and Luke flew out of the building. Desbarres has been in Machine FIeld Planet for a while now. On one hand, he was waiting for Zhao Hai. And on the other hand, he was helping Luke since the office had been too busy because of the Ashley Family’s expansion. There were now more jobs on the planet so Luke needed an experienced person like Desbarres to help him.</p>

  <p>After a while, Margaret let go of Zhao Hai and then stood behind him. When they saw this, Desbarres and Luke walked over. Zhao Hai looked at Desbarres and gave a salute as he said, “Camp Lord, I’m back.”</p>

  <p>Desbarres looked at Zhao Hai, his eyes were a little red. He hugged Zhao Hai for some time before releasing him, then he patted Zhao Hai’s shoulders vigorously as he said, “Alright, you’re back, good, good. Hahaha. It’s good that you’re back.”</p>

  <p>Luke also gave Zhao Hai a firm hug. Then he led Zhao Hai to walk into the building. But at this time, more and more people were encircling them. Zhao Hai was now the hero of the Machine Field, so all of them wanted to come over to greet him.</p>

  <p>Majority of these people have seen Zhao Hai, and they wanted to go over and say hello. Zhao Hai responded to them all. Moreover, he called them with their names. When these people heard their own names being called, they couldn’t help but feel very lucky. There were also some new people who had yet to meet Zhao Hai. Naturally, Zhao Hai couldn’t neglect them. So he met them one by one and listened to their introductions.</p>

  <p>In this case, Zhao Hai could hardly enter the building. And more and more people were arriving. Zhao Hai didn’t expect everyone to be this enthusiastic, he was stuck on wondering what to do for a moment.</p>

  <p>Among the people who crowded the place was a beautiful woman wearing work clothes. Behind her was another person holding a small device. The light on the device was covering Zhao Hai’s body. When he saw this, Zhao Hai didn’t put on guards, he knew that this must be the cameras of the Machine Field. It seems like these people were from the news agencies.</p>

  <p>Sure enough, the beautiful woman pointed a microphone towards Zhao Hai and then asked a question, “Mister Zhao Hai, welcome back. How did you come back to the Machine Field? Is it true that you have been chased by the Cultivators?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but feel proud, he didn’t expect someone from the news agencies would come and interview him. He cleared his throat and then said, “I used space magic to return. And I didn’t encounter any Cultivators. I just had something to do after the competition, so I asked Team Leader Ma Rulong to excuse me.”</p>

  <p>This was the excuse that Zhao Hai thought of beforehand. He wouldn’t admit that he had met an attack. In this case, the Cultivation Realm and the Demon Realm would have no reason to go look for him for trouble. Oh, you have more than 100 people missing? What does that have to do with me? I don’t know them, I haven’t even seen them, so why are you asking me? I have something to do and I just took care of it. What did I do? Why should I tell you?</p>

  <p>Even if everyone knew what he did, he would never admit it. If he did, then this would give the Cultivation Realm and the Devil Realm an excuse to deal with him fairly. People from the two realms would unite and put pressure on the Machine Field. This wasn’t something that Zhao Hai wanted to see.</p>

  <p>Both the Cultivation Realm and the Devil Realm wanted to swallow the Machine Field. But since everyone had some reservations, nobody wanted to make the first move. If Zhao Hai admits what he did, then the Cultivation Realm and the Devil Realm would be given the opportunity to unite. If these two realms cooperate, then the Machine Field would be in grave danger. Even if they were able to repel the two realms, the losses they would suffer wouldn’t be small. And Zhao Hai doesn’t want the Machine Field to go to war yet.</p>
</body>
</html>