<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 881: Demon Realm’s Currency Issue</h3>

  <p>On the monitor was a small team of magic armors. This team composed of three armored tanks with a total of 50 magic armors inside. Overall, these armored tanks can carry 60 magic armors, however, they freed ten spaces so that they could bring living materials and energy sources along.</p>

  <p>The three tanks had entered Aksu Empire’s Lifeline Canyon. Their speed wasn’t any slower than any automobile back on Earth. However, this was Zhao Hai’s first time seeing a vehicle as fast as this given its size. Zhao Hai calculated that the tanks had reached the speed of &#160;about 200 kilometers per hour.</p>

  <p>Upon reaching this calculation, Zhao Hai couldn’t believe that it was true. There weren’t a lot of cars back on Earth that can reach 200 kilometers per hour. One shouldn’t forget that these tanks contained 20 magic armors, reaching a weight of over 100 tons. And with wind resistance, how could these things reach this speed? It was impossible!</p>

  <p>However, after recalculations from the Space, Zhao Hai was finally convinced. Those bulky things actually had this kind of outrageous speed.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t understand how it could be possible. Why would these things be this fast? But when he thought about the ships, Zhao Hai thought that it might be possible</p>

  <p>The big ships of the Atlanta Plane weren’t slow even though they displaced a million tons. .This was strange in and of itself but since the ships were sailing on water, Zhao Hai had no point of reference to notice it.</p>

  <p>However, when he remembered the time the four ships had encountered a little bit of storm, Zhao Hai noticed that the although the wind and rain looked normal, the waves caused by the collision to the ship’s bow flew higher than one would expect. There was only one explanation for this, the ship was very quick. Upon making measurements, Zhao Hai discovered that these ships had infinitely more speed than the other ships back on Earth.</p>

  <p>At the thought of this, Zhao Hai understood that no matter the tanks or the ships, both of them were using magic formations. Its possible that the Atlanta Plane were using their formations to reduce the weight of their tanks and ships. This would allow them to go quickly.</p>

  <p>When he thought about this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but feel excited about the magic formations and magic armors of the Atlanta Plane. Their Techno-magic civilization had reached a very high degree. Whether it be the Ark Continent or the Divine Realm, both need to look up to the Atlanta Plane when it comes to magic armors or magic formations.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai also came to discover that the Atlanta Plane’s war tanks were divided into several types. One of them was a turtle-shaped tank. This turtle-shaped chariot was the slowest, but it can carry the most. Moreover, its defenses were the best. There was also a tiger-shaped war tank. This tank was the most commonly used war tank in the Atlanta Plane. It’s firepower and speed were much better than the turtle-shaped tanks. Its weapons made it the most commonly used tank in the Atlanta Plane.</p>

  <p>The third type of war tank was the leopard-shaped tank. This was the fastest tank among the three. However, because of its speed, it can’t carry a lot of cargo. Its firepower was also inferior compared to the tiger-shaped tanks. This type of tank was more specifically used to transmit information.</p>

  <p>However, the war tanks that Zhao Hai could see were actually modified tiger-shaped tanks. Not only can its speed compare to the leopard tanks, it can also leap forward just like the other tiger-shaped tanks. But making these tanks was also more troublesome compared to making any other tiger-shaped tank. Because of this, there are only a few of these tanks present in the Atlanta Plane.</p>

  <p>After passing through Lifeline canyon, the tanks were now inside the Aksu Empire. Although the Aksu Empire had experienced war in the past, its mountains weren’t like the Accra Mountains where Zhao Hai killed every magic beast. Because of this, one could see several magic beasts here.</p>

  <p>There were plenty of magic beasts inside Aksu Empire. Although Zhao Hai had moved the people of the Ark Continent, he didn’t have much time to take care of the magic beasts. Even if there were no such things as beast tides in the Akse Empire, there were still quite a lot of magic beasts.</p>

  <p>Now that the people from the Aksu Empire have migrated, the place naturally became a paradise for magic beasts. All kinds of magic beasts ran into the Akse Empire and settled themselves.</p>

  <p>However, the three Atlanta Plane tanks didn’t care much about those beasts. They would only kill magic beasts that came to disturb them. Other times they would just plow forward.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t understand what these tanks were doing. If they wanted to scout, then they should’ve stopped and looked around them. Why would they plow on forward like this? It wasn’t something that scouts would do.</p>

  <p>Actually, Zhao Hai didn’t know that the three tanks were indeed sent to scout. They were heading north of the Ark Continent in order to look for people, or even find traces as to why they left. The O’Neal family actually sent people to the south as well. However, these people would only stroll around the Lyon Empire. They couldn’t reach the Buddha Empire since their provisions were limited.</p>

  <p>Because of this, Zhao Hai only came to notice the team heading north. After some calculations, the team heading north would meet the underworld’s creatures soon.</p>

  <p>Although the speed of the tanks were quite high, the Ark Continent was quite large. If they wanted to explore the entirety of it, then it wouldn’t take one or two days. Because of this, the team camped on a medium Aksu Empire city when darkness came.</p>

  <p>After seeing that the team had gone to take a rest, Zhao Hai turned to Laura and said, “It seems like they would be in the Ark Continent for a while, there’s no need to worry. I just don’t know if the people from the Atlanta Plane would fight the Underworld’s creatures when the time comes.”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled faintly and said, “That might not be the case. They could stop their advance to the North and focus on the southern part of the continent. It’s possible that they would be interested with the spatial rift first.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “That’s quite possible as well. In any case, we won’t have to worry. We’re not afraid of them, conversely, I’m waiting for them to come. I just don’t know if they can come in half a month. At that time, we would be starting our fight against the Divine Race.”</p>

  <p>Laura forced a smile and said, “When that time comes, then we would be fighting on two sides. Right, Brother Hai, tell this matter to the Thunder Clan and the others as well. Have them prepare themselves.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Right, we’ll tell them. You go arrange this matter while I go and see Bingya and the others.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded, then along with Lizzy and the others, they turned around and left. On the other hand, Zhao Hai changed the monitor’s image to Bingya’s group.</p>

  <p>Bingya and the others had already arrived at the vicinity of the Divine Race’s fortress. They didn’t advance rashly, instead, they camped inside a forest and rested well.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai saw that nothing was about to happen, he closed the monitor and then took a bath. After relaxing himself, his body flashed as he went to visit the Demons.</p>

  <p>The Demons had already sent the third batch of Devil Legion soldiers into the hell background at this time. Meanwhile, the Demons inside the Demon Space were also looked after by Zhao Hai, their current state wasn’t worse off compared to the Ark Continent. Although the Ark Continent had received more care from Zhao Hai, the Demons were given ample attention as well. Most importantly, the Demons liked their environment more.</p>

  <p>Besides feeling that the air was much better here, the Ark Continent’s people didn’t think too much about their new place. After all, the Ark Continent and the Ark Space was quite similar. On the other hand, the state of the Demons was different. Compared to the Demon Realm, the Demon Space was infinitely better. The Demons treasured this gift. In their minds, it would be the best if they could thrive in such an environment. Because of this, every Demon was giving 200% of their effort in order to develop their land. This caused their society to improve smoothly.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai came to the Demon Space before, he already told the Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King about the current state of the war with the Divine Race.</p>

  <p>Currently, the days of the Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King were doing very well. The Demons were busily developing their own lands. And since the Space was quite big, and each race had their own Domain, no conflict had occurred. The matters that the two needed to take care of was quite little.</p>

  <p>Back in the Demon Realm, each race and clan would fight for land because of food. Each conflict that happened would need the Great Demon King’s attention. At the same time, cities in the Demon Realm were also susceptible to attacks made by magic beasts and natural disasters. All of these needed the Great Demon King’s help.</p>

  <p>However, these things didn’t occur in the Space. The Space was very big, so each race would have ample land of their own, erasing the conflicts caused by land. At the same time, magic beasts in the Demon Space were weak, and there were also a lot of Bread Fruits inside. With the addition of bamboo rice, other grains, and vegetables, the problem with food was also taken care of.</p>

  <p>In the Space, there was also the church to exchange things from. As long as one place something of equal value, then the Space would make a trade. This reduced the conflicts for resources even more. Because of these things, the Great Demon King was very relaxed. The Demons had almost reached a state of high standard for a society where law and order prevailed and crime was at an all-time low.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai came to the Demon Space this time in order to discuss the matter of the Demon Race’s currency.</p>

  <p>In the past, the Demon Realm didn’t have any form of currency. Everyone traded for what they want. It was just like the Beastmen, where they would use their argali to trade for living supplies. For the Demons, supplies were more precious than gold.</p>

  <p>However, things were different in the Space. The Space wasn’t lacking in supplies, the Demon Space was completely self-sufficient. In this case, a form of currency was much needed. Otherwise, it would be impossible to place values on traded commodities. This might even cause conflict among the people.</p>

  <p>In order for the Demons to develop further, they would need a form of monetization. Zhao Hai had already thought about this a long time ago. Having currency would also be very beneficial during transactions with the other Spaces. This meant that Zhao Hai was planning to have the various Spaces trade with each other in the future.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai already opened this matter with the Great Demon King. Being the wise leader that he was, the Great Demon King immediately agreed. However, the means of currency had become quite of a problem.</p>

  <p>Each of the Space’s backgrounds can produce gold ores. However, the Demons have reached an extreme state of environmental protection. Even if they built their house, they would make sure that they would make the least amount of damage to the surroundings as possible. With this mentality, how could they stomach mining their mountains for gold ore? The Demons would surely disagree.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sigh upon thinking about the Demon Race’s conduct. He was left wondering what else to do. He can’t mine for gold and he can’t use paper currency as well because it would need cutting of trees to produce paper. Moreover, making forgery-proof paper wasn’t possible. If counterfeit money appeared later on, then the Demon Space’s currency would be in turmoil. The Demon Race might go into war because of this and Zhao Hai didn’t want this to happen.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai went to the Demon Space because he wanted to discuss a solution. And since this wasn’t his strength, he took Laura and Ruyen along with him.</p>

  <p>When the three appeared in the Demon Space, the Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King were having their meals. The things the two ate were simple. This was a habit they developed back in the Demon Realm.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s group of three appeared in front of the Palace. The Devil Legion guards immediately discovered them upon arriving. The guards didn’t block the three, instead, they gave a salute and sent one person to inform the Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King of their arrival.</p>

  <p>Upon hearing that Zhao Hai had come, the Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King immediately went out and welcomed them to the dining room. After that they had people arrange tablewares and food once more.</p>

  <p>After everything was taken care of, the Great Demon King turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, are you here to discuss the matter of our currency? Did you come up with some solutions?” The last couple of days, the Great Demon King had a headache while thinking on this matter. However, he was still left with no good solution.</p>
</body>
</html>