<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1275: Do You Believe It?</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai was sitting in a room drinking hot tea. Margaret was sitting beside him while Desbarres and Luke were on the opposite side. They had just finished dealing with the visitors and finally got the opportunity to go inside a room.</p>

  <p>Desbarres looked at Zhao Hai and laughed as he said, “Little Hai, you’re famous now. Look at all the people outside. Every one of them is crazy to meet you. Hahaha. I’m somewhat jealous.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai grumpily replied, “Camp Lord, how could this be good? Have you seen their faces? It seems like they want me to stay there forever.”</p>

  <p>Desbarres and Luke laughed. Then Luke smiled and said, “We also want to get the same treatment. Unfortunately, even if we deliver ourselves to be interviewed, they would still ignore us.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai chuckled, then he shifted the topic, “Camp Lord, why is the office so crowded today? Is there a party going on?”</p>

  <p>Of course, Zhao Hai knows what’s happening. He just asked since he shouldn’t know about it. This was, he wouldn’t be too suspicious.</p>

  <p>Desbarres smiled and said, “The family borrowed your light. Now these people have come to manage our businesses. The family has undergone a great transformation. It’s in a much better state than before. I really can’t describe it in a few words. So how about you? Why did you only return now?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai placed his teacup down, then he smiled faintly and said, “I’m afraid that Team Leader Ma Rulong and the others would be in danger while returning with the deeds. So I stayed behind to take attention away from them. Then I fought with people from the Cultivation Realm and Devil Realm before coming back.”</p>

  <p>Desbarres’ expression changed, he immediately replied, “You really fought? Did the Cultivation Realm and the Devil Realm work together to deal with you?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Right. Didn’t I kill their participants during the tournament? Those guys are unbearably angry about that. They wanted to keep me from leaving the Cultivation Realm. Unfortunately, they failed.”</p>

  <p>Luke looked puzzled as he asked, “But didn’t you say that you didn’t fight anyone? Why…” But before he could continue, he was interrupted by Desbarres.</p>

  <p>Luke turned to Desbarres who smiled and said, “This matter cannot be told to anyone. This way, even if Little Hai has come back, the Cultivation Realm and the Devil Realm couldn’t do anything about it. Am I right, Little Hai?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Camp Lord really knows me. Now, they’ll have no reason to deal with me. This time, I killed more than 100 people, all of them have all kinds of backgrounds. Therefore, this matter cannot be known. Or else, not only would I be in trouble, I’ll also be taking the Machine Field with me.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing this, Luke couldn’t help but breathe in cold air. Desbarres was also greatly surprised. Although he expected that Zhao Hai had dealt with those people from the Cultivation Realm and the Devil Realm, he expected it to be a small group. However, upon knowing that there were more than 100 people, he couldn’t help but be astonished.</p>

  <p>However, the two were also people who had seen their fair share of storms, so they were able to quickly recover. Then Desbarres said, “Did anyone escape?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Camp Lord can rest assured, I made sure that nobody escaped. So as long as I don’t admit it, nobody would have any evidence.”</p>

  <p>Desbarres relaxed, then he nodded and said, “Alright. Who else knows about this? Does Ma Rulong know?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I haven’t told him about this matter yet, you can rest assured. After I killed those guys, I immediately returned here. Besides you two, nobody else knows about this. However, I reckon this thing will catch wind sooner or later. But since the Cultivation Realm and the Devil Realm have no evidence, they can only bite air. They can’t attack me deliberately either since they wouldn’t have any reason to do so. Moreover, even if they proceed, they would still be publicly berated by the other realms. So there’s no need to worry. Everything should be alright.”</p>

  <p>Desbarres nodded, “Then that’s good. I’ll report this matter to the Patriarch, but don’t tell anybody else about it. Right, what’s the matter with Xiong Li and the others? Why did they immediately close up? Are they injured?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “They’re fine. Right, since we’re on this topic, I have something to tell you. Camp Lord, Mister Luke, have you heard about the Six Realms Battlefield?”</p>

  <p>As soon as Desbarres and Luke heard Zhao Hai, the color of their faces changed. The two looked at each other, then Desbarres turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Did Ma Rulong tell you?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Right, Team Leader Ma told me. He asked me to go to the Six Realms Battlefield with Xiong Li and the others for a period of time. I agreed.”</p>

  <p>Desbarres frowned as he sat there. He didn’t make any noise for some time. Luke was silent as well. It’s clear that the two knew about the Six Realms Battlefield.</p>

  <p>After some time, Desbarres sighed and said, “It’s fine to go to the Six Realms Battlefield for practice. Although the place is too dangerous, you shouldn’t have any problems there given your strength. You can go there and see for yourself.”</p>

  <p>Luke nodded and said, “You should take a look. It seems like Ma Rulong is favoring you. Once you come back from the Six Realms Battlefield, nobody from the Machine Field would be able to underestimate you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Right. But I still have another thing to tell you. After I come back from the Six Realms Battlefield, I’m planning to go independent along with Xiong Li and the others. What does Camp Lord think about this?”</p>

  <p>As soon as Desbarres heard Zhao Hai, he didn’t look even a bit surprised. He looked at Zhao Hai, then he sighed and said, “I expected this day to come, but I didn’t expect it to come this early. I’ll pass it to the Patriarch, he also thought about this. But Little Hai, I hope that you can remember that you are from the Bone Symbol Camp and Margaret is also from the Ashley Family. If the Ashley Family is in trouble, please lend us a hand.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “There’s no need to worry about it, Camp Lord. Margaret is the Ahsley Family’s princess, and I’m also someone from the family. Even if I go independent with Xiong Li and the others, how could I forget the Ashley Family? Rest assured.”</p>

  <p>Desbarres nodded, then he said, “It’s a good thing to go independent. But there are a lot of things that needed to be taken care of. First of all, you will need a base. Do you need my help to find you one?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “It’s fine Camp Lord, I’ve already found a place. I’ll take a look at it when the time comes.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Desbarres nodded and said, “That’s good. You just came back today, I’m afraid there would be a lot of people who would want to see you. How about this, let’s have a party tonight so that you can meet everyone. Let those people know that you’re not an impostor. Those people from the Cultivation Realm would never think that you would kill so many of them.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Alright, I’ll leave everything to you. I’ll take a short rest first.”</p>

  <p>Seeing Zhao Hai’s smile, Desbarres and Luke couldn’t help but smile slightly as they gave Margaret a glance. Then they stood up as Desbarres said, “Alright, then take a rest. We’ll be heading out to prepare. I’ll call you later.” Then the two turned around and left.</p>

  <p>Margaret looked at Desbarres and Luke’s smiles and knew that the two had misunderstood. When the two left, Margaret hit Zhao Hai as she said, “Brother Hai, why did you say it like that? Look at their smiles, I’m embarrassed.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai just laughed and said, “This is to erase any suspicions that Camp Lord might have. We haven’t seen each other for a long time, so we should be longing to be with each other.”</p>

  <p>Naturally, Margaret wasn’t convinced with this. But since he can’t do anything about it, Zhao Hai laughed once more then he said, “Alright, please prepare some tea. Team Leader Ma is here.”</p>

  <p>When Margaret heard Zhao Hai, she immediately complied and prepared some tea. Margaret knew how much Zhao Hai respects Ma Rulong.</p>

  <p>Sure enough, just as Margaret stood up, a knock was heard on the door. Then a robot’s voice came in, “Mister Zhao Hai, Mister Ma Rulong is looking for you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stood up and walked to the door before opening it. A robot stood outside the door with Ma Rulong standing beside it.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai saw Ma Rulong, he immediately smiled and said, “Team Leader, come in, come in.” Ma Rulong nodded and then entered the room.</p>

  <p>As soon as he entered the room, Ma Rulong quickly noticed Margaret. Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Team Leader, this is my wife Margaret. Margaret, this is team leader Ma. He took good care of me back in the Cultivation Realm..”</p>

  <p>Margaret immediately gave Ma Rulong a salute, “Margaret has seen Team Leader Ma. Thank you for taking care of Zhao Hai.” Ma Rulong politely returned the salute. Then Zhao Hai asked him to sit down.</p>

  <p>After Ma Rulong had sat down, Margaret immediately offered him a cup of tea. Ma Rulong expressed his gratitude before taking a sip of tea. But it was clear that his thoughts weren’t on the tea. He just took a sip as a formality.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Can I ask why Team Leader Ma is looking for me?”</p>

  <p>Ma Rulong took a glance at Margaret. When he saw this, Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Team Leader, Margaret is my wife, she knows everything about me.”</p>

  <p>Ma Rulong nodded, then he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “I just heard someone say that you haven’t been attacked by the people from the Cultivation Realm and the Devil realm? Is this true?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai replied, “I did say those things. But Team Leader, you should know about the situation at that time. Do you really believe that what I said is the truth?”</p>

  <p>When Ma Rulong heard Zhao Hai, he paused for a moment then he laughed. After some time, he stopped. Then he looked at Zhao Hai and whispered, “How many?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai chuckled and said, “I didn’t count them, but there should be less than 200. In any case, Fu Yishan and Zhongli Qiang are gone. And none of them were able to run away.”</p>

  <p>Ma Rulong nodded and said, “Don’t tell this to anyone. You already told everyone that nobody attacked you, so nobody attacked you. Even if they come up with some reason, as long as you don’t admit it, they can’t do anything. Does anyone else know?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Camp Lord Desbarres knows about it. But rest assured, nobody else will find out. Right, Team Leader, the Six Realms Battlefield, how is it?”</p>

  <p>Ma Rulong smiled and said, “Rest assured, I’ll take care of it. There’s no need for you to worry. When the time comes, I’ll inform you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “Then I’ll wait for you. Right, Team Leader, we’re going to hold a party tonight. You should participate, call everyone else as well.” Naturally, by everyone else, Zhao Hai meant the other team leaders. Although these people were also called team leaders, all of them were led by Ma Rulong.</p>

  <p>Ma Rulong nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll call them. But just to let you know, before you returned, those fellows haven’t been living great lives. They don’t dare go alone and instead they just waited for you to return. To be honest, those guys have gotten through a lot. The protests are extremely bothersome.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Then this only means we need to celebrate. Right, Team Leader, what prize did I win? Shouldn’t I get some?”</p>

  <p>Ma Rulong laughed and said, “Rest assured, you will get them. If there’s anything lacking, then people will protest once more. Just wait a few days and they will be sent to you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I don’t know what I won, but Team Leader, just know that I only accept good things.”</p>

  <p>Ma Rulong laughed once more, “Don’t worry, everything will be good. Alright, I’ll head back and call everyone over.” Then he stood up. Zhao Hai also stood up and led Ma Rulong to the door.</p>

  <p>After sending Ma Rulong off, Margaret looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, what prizes do you think they would send? It would be best if they send things that the Space doesn’t have.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “After all my efforts, giving me materials for a prize is too little. Although the Space has a lot of good things, how much of it is really useful right now? Also, it would be harder to upgrade the Space in the future. We would still need to collect more valuable things for the Space. It’ll be best for us if they let me choose other kinds of rewards.”</p>

  <p>Margaret smiled and said, “That’s true. You have given a great contribution this time. Nobody from the Machine Field has given a greater contribution in the past hundred years. Brother Hai, if you can choose, what kind of reward do you want?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It really depends on what they decide on. But If I were to choose, maybe I’ll want a planet that nobody wants. We can build a base there and have the island be our secret base. What do you think?”</p>

  <p>Margaret nodded and said, “That is also good. Otherwise, we could only establish a base in the Rainbow Meteorite Field. And that place is too boring.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knitted his brows and said, “Does the Machine Field really have planets that nobody wants? How is that possible? If a planet is somewhat useful, then shouldn’t they be taken by the families?”</p>

  <p>Margaret stared at Zhao Hai and said, “Who says there are no vacant planets in the Machine Field? Not only do these planets exist, but there are a lot of them.”</p>
</body>
</html>