<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 11: Planning</h3>

  <p>Green had lived in the imperial capital his whole life, what great spectacles hadn’t he seen? He at once returned to his senses, but still didn’t look at the thing on the table, rather looking at Zhao hai with light flickering in his eyes: “Young master, you can use magic?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head: “I can’t use magic. You know, anyone who has drunk the Water of Nothingness will be unable use magic. This is just an ability, it has no offensive ability, it can only let me store some things.”</p>

  <p>Green nodded, slightly disappointed, then finally turned his head to the table. Seeing the radish on the table, he couldn’t help staring blankly, at once grabbing it and looking it over. Smelling it again and again, he finally took a bite, nodded, placed the radish back on the table and turned to look at Zhao Hai: “Young master, this is a magic weed turnip, a very common magic vegetable.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked distracted: “What’s magic vegetables? Don’t tell me there are still other vegetables?”</p>

  <p>Green nodded: “Yes, young master, the vegetables on the Ark continent are divided into two kinds, one is common vegetables, such vegetables are ordinarily eaten by commoners or slaves, and nobles generally all eat magic vegetables. Such vegetables all contain some magic energy, and can only be grown on especially good land, and still need people to nurse them very carefully. Magic radish is a kind of such magic vegetables, but they’re the most common, the current market value is around one silver coin per catty.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai swiftly calculated in his mind. Right now he had eighty thousand catty of radish, one silver per catty, that was still eighty thousand silver, exchanged for gold it would be eight thousand. This was a lot more than selling in the space, where they could be sold for five hundred gold, a little more than six copper per catty. Referring to the purchasing power of this world and comparing to Earth, if he sold these radishes in the space, he would only get little more than six tenths of an RMB per catty, but if he sold it to the people here, he could get ten RMB per catty, a difference of close to twenty times. Even idiots knew how to do this business.</p>

  <p>At this time Green picked up that radish again: “But this magic radish is a bit strange, I’ve never seen such a large magic radish on the continent, and the taste is a lot stronger than magic radish. Young master, where did you get this thing?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t answer, he only continued: “Then does Blue Eyed Rabbits eat the leaves of these things? When we buy magic radish, do we buy it with the leaves?”</p>

  <p>Green shook his head: “If we were to buy this magic radish, we wouldn’t want the leaves. The leaves of this thing don’t taste good. But it’s still food that Blue Eyed Rabbits are extremely fond of. Why do you ask, young master?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stood up, pacing two laps with a happy expression: “The Heavens haven’t forsaken me, the Heavens haven’t forsaken me, hah, too good, with this thing, I can start a pasture.”</p>

  <p>Green looked at Zhao Hai’s appearance, and felt a burst of fear. He didn’t know what was up with Zhao Hai, and thought he had gone insane, promptly saying: “Young master, young master, what is it? Don’t scare an old man.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai returned to his senses, looking at Green and laughing: “Don’t be scared, grandpa Green. I’m only too excited. Oh, right, grandpa Green, let me ask you, is this magic radish easy to sell?”</p>

  <p>Green saw that Zhao Hai was alright and was relieved, at once nodding: “Easily, right now there are no major conflicts on the continent, and people have a lot of income. A lot of commoners will also buy some magic radish to eat, and magic radish is the cheapest magic vegetable, so a lot of people buy it.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, sitting down and having Green sit down as well: “Grandpa Green, right now I have eighty thousand catty of this magic radish on hand, think of a means to sell it, it doesn’t matter if it’s a bit cheap, but it has to be sold as quickly as possible. Afterwards buy some Blue Eyed Rabbits, the more the better. The mountain we’re living on has a lot of abandoned dwarven mines, we can turn those mines into Blue Eyed Rabbit warrens, then we can have a stable income later.”</p>

  <p>Green stared blankly, standing with an agitated expression: “Young master, you say you have eighty thousand catty of magic radish? How come you have so much magic radish?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head: “Don’t mind that for now, implement this as soon as possible. Moreover, find a big buyer and tell him that the magic radish I have on hand is eighty thousand every two days, as much as he wants is fine.”</p>

  <p>Green stammered. “Young master, are you telling the truth? You really have that much magic radish? From where?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled: “Don’t worry about it, as long as you carry this out it’s fine. You have to be quick, but also low key. Don’t let people discover that we’re selling these things. Can you do it?”</p>

  <p>Green calmed down. Even though he didn’t know from where Zhao Hai was getting these radishes, he thought it definitely had to be related to that ability Zhao Hai obtained, and so he at once said: “Don’t worry, young master. That much this old man can still accomplish. I’ll start making arrangements at once.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, calling after the departing Green: “Grandpa Green, have those slaves not worry about those supplies and put those mines in order at once, we have to put them in order as soon as possible. We will raise a lot of Blue Eyed Rabbits, I will deal with those supplies, no need to worry.”</p>

  <p>Green’s eyes flashed, with a new understanding of Zhao Hai’s ability. Even though Zhao Hai said that his ability didn’t have any attack power, just his ability to store so many things, and to provide such quantities of magic radish, it was already astonishing.</p>

  <p>Green nodded at once: “Don’t worry, young master, I will arrange it. Blockhead, Rockhead, from now on, you have to closely protect the young master step by step. I will leave for a few days. Meirin, Meg, you see to those slaves, you have to have them follow the young master’s orders in the shortest time possible, understood?”</p>

  <p>At this moment, Green finally displayed the dignity and skill of a great butler of a grand noble house, arranging the most important things in the shortest possible time, first seeing to Zhao Hai’s safety, second starting the main focus of the work, third doing outside to sell the radishes. Moreover, very clearly, this third matter he would handle himself.</p>

  <p>Meirin and the others were just listening numbly. They really hadn’t thought that Zhao Hai would actually have such a secret. Now being called out to by Green, they returned to their senses and replied, Green then quickly stepping outside.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Green’s departing figure and nodded. It seemed Green wasn’t someone who didn’t understand. Spending all their money before coming to the Black Waste might be because of the reason he guessed, to keep Adam from having money to spend and could only honestly stay here. But now it seemed that he wouldn’t be so anxious.</p>

  <p>Meirin watched Green leave, then turned to Zhao Hai: “Young master, are you hungry? You haven’t eaten a it all morning. I’ll at once get something ready for you.” Finished speaking, she walked towards the kitchen.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai hastily said: “Grandma meirin, it’s alright, I ate half a magic radish earlier, and I’m still full, I can’t eat anything.”</p>

  <p>Meirin promptly shook her head: “How is that alright, how could you be full eating nothing but such a thing. Young master wait a moment, I’ll fix something up at once, it’ll be done very quickly.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai saw he couldn’t block her, and promptly said: “Grandma Meirin, take this magic radish to the kitchen and use it for cooking.”</p>

  <p>Meiring replied, then took that half radish and entered the kitchen. But meg stood next to Zhao Hai, and Blockhead and Rockhead stood behind him to his left and right.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at all of them, and couldn’t help smiling wryly. He knew that right now Blockhead and Rockhead wouldn’t listen to anything he said. Those two had very inflexible minds, and right now they only listened to Green, so he didn’t say anything to them, only turning to Meg: “Meg, bring me some keja, I’m a bit thirsty.”</p>

  <p>Meg replied, then turned and left for the kitchen. But when she walked behind Zhao Hai she still stealthily glanced at him, then quickly left.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai sat there bored senseless. Right now there could be said to be too few people in the castle to talk to, only Green and the others. It was still impossible for those slaves to carry a conversation with him, and if he went to them they would likely be scared. Consequently, Zhao Hai could only sit here alone.</p>

  <p>Originally Zhao Hai thought to chat with Blockhead and Rockhead, but the two of them could both be classified as empty headed, there was basically no way to chat with them. So he could only set there being bored senseless by himself.</p>

  <p>Fortunately Meg returned with a pot of keja before long, but after she had served Zhao Hai a cup, she again retreated back behind him, without saying a word. This made Zhao Hai depressed, but he still didn’t know what to say to her. Because of Adam’s previous indiscretions, Zhao Hai also felt extremely awkward when facing Meg.</p>

  <p>Meiring really worked very quickly. Before long Zhao Hai’s breakfast was prepared. Almost the same as a western style breakfast from Earth, the breakfast Meirin made for Zhao Hai included bread, meat gruel, and a few fried eggs. These fried eggs were naturally not the same as chicken eggs on earth, but rather eggs from a kind of level one magic beast chicken on the Ark continent.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai turned to Meirin and the others: “Grandma Meirin, you all sit down and eat. After eating you still have a lot of work to do, there’s no need to keep me company.”</p>

  <p>Meiring nodded, and didn’t object this time, because she knew that after eating, they really did have a lot of work to do. So Meirin and Meg again went into the kitchen for a few sets of breakfast, in addition to food for Blockhead and Rockhead as well.</p>

  <p>After breakfast, Zhao Hai didn’t return to his room, but rather went to the first floor drawing room, sitting there drinking keja. He knew that Green would definitely come inform him once everything was in order, and so he didn’t worry.</p>
</body>
</html>