<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 980: Fenglei’s Regret</h3>

  <p>Fei’er was currently inside his room reading. Then suddenly, someone’s voice came in from outside, “Fei’er, are you in? Let’s have a drink.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing that it was Shan, Fei’er immediately put his book down and opened the door. After seeing Shan and Speaker Fang outside, Fei’er quickly said, “You actually have time to come here? Come in, quick.” Then he invited the two over to his house.</p>

  <p>Shan looked at Fei’er’s house and smiled faintly before he said, “It’s quite nice. It seems like you have been living well these days.”</p>

  <p>One couldn’t blame Shan for saying this. The house where Fei’er lived was truly good. His house was like villa, but it wasn’t very big. The entire house seem to have five to six rooms, it was well made.</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Shan, Fei’er couldn’t help but smile and said, “I used gold coins to exchange for this house. Inside the Space, as long as you pay enough gold coins to the church, you can have any house you want.”</p>

  <p>Shan inspected the place curiously. The house’s setup was very good, it had a good natural flow to it. Not only was its shape beautiful, its interior decoration was also attractive. It gave people a sense of belonging without losing its refined taste.</p>

  <p>One must know that achieving this point wasn’t easy. Fei’er and the others were members of the Thunder Clan. With their tall figures, one would need to make a lot of considerations in order to make their dwellings.</p>

  <p>After Fei’er invited the two to sit down, he looked at Shan and said, “Shan, why did you have time to come here? Did something happen to your clan? Do you need any help? If needed, I can lend you a hand.”</p>

  <p>Shan shook his head and said, “It’s fine, there’s no need for you to make a move. I came today in order to ask you for a drink and to share some food.”</p>

  <p>When Fei’er heard Shan, he couldn’t help but smile. Then he quickly said, “Having a drink is certainly not a problem. But I thought you came here because something happened? How about telling me?”</p>

  <p>Shan smiled faintly and said, “The O’Neal family’s magic armors are already outside our spatial rift. They had repelled our defensive line and war would soon break out.”</p>

  <p>If somebody else saw Shan telling these matters with a smile, then they would certainly think that he has gone crazy. Generally, people wouldn’t smile as they recall their clansmen being destroyed. However, Fei’er could understand. He clearly knew the state of the Winged Pegasus Clan and understood why Shan was like this.</p>

  <p>Just in the recent past, Shan went to the Space and asked Fei’er to help him prepare some fresh vegetables. The reason for this was because the Winged Pegasus Clan refused to give him any food. When Fei’er heard this, he couldn’t help but get shocked.</p>

  <p>He didn’t expect Shan to be this miserable. He actually can’t regularly eat food. This also caused Fei’er to be angry at the Winged Pegasus Clan.</p>

  <p>Fei’er, Shan, and Ding share a very good relationship. These three were friends who went through life and death. After hearing their friend going through such experience, Ding almost sent his people to attack the Winged Pegasus Clan. Fortunately, Fei’er was able to stop him.</p>

  <p>After hearing Shan talk now, Fei’er immediately understood. He looked at Shan and said, “So the day you wanted will finally come soon? Then it surely is worth a celebration.”</p>

  <p>Shan laughed and said, “Let’s get Ding as well. I also wanted to hide from my people, so I entered the Space. Didn’t they want to not see me? Then I won’t care about them anymore. If they think they’re strong enough, then let them handle the problem themselves.”</p>

  <p>Fei’er laughed and said, “Good, good. You finally know what to do. You call Ding while I prepare the food. My food here isn’t delicious, I’ll have to go to the church and exchange for good ones.”</p>

  <p>Shan looked at Fei’er in surprise, “You can also exchange for food?”</p>

  <p>Fei’er laughed, “In addition to being unable to exchange for living people, there are really few things that you cannot exchange for.” After he said that, Fei’er left the house.</p>

  <p>At the same time, Shan took his messenger fish out and called Ding. Just like Fei’er, Ding had also been quite relaxed in the past few days. Although the Barbarians were a militant race, this didn’t mean that they always want to court death. Barbarians weren’t stupid, it was just that their temperament was too simple.</p>

  <p>Now, inside the Space, the Barbarians, Winged Pegasus, and the Thunder Clan were well mixed in. The three clans were former comrades who fought side by side. Recently, their lives have been better. Naturally, nobody discriminated anybody. Because of this, the place where the Barbarians lived was very near to Fei’er’s house.</p>

  <p>Not long after Fei’er returned with some food and wine, Ding arrived. Ding was happy for Shan upon knowing what was happening to the Winged Pegasus Clan. The group were merry as they drank and ate. It seems like they didn’t know of what was currently happening to the Winged Pegasus Clan.</p>

  <p>……..</p>

  <p>The Winged Pegasus Clan were frightened after the attack of the nine Supreme Elders. So now, they arranged a lot of monitoring points behind the defensive line. As soon as the defensive line was attacked, these scouts immediately sent news back to the family. Those scouts were equipped with messenger fishes. Therefore, the news of the defensive line’s destruction was immediately transmitted back. In no time, the higher level figures of the family received the news.</p>

  <p>When they came to know of the situation, they were really shocked. They didn’t expect Zhao Hai’s words to be true. Someone truly wanted to invade them.</p>

  <p>It was just like Shan said, these people didn’t want to see him. Every time Shan opened the matter of moving to the Space, these people would just stay there as though nothing was wrong.</p>

  <p>It can be said that Shan was being treated worse than a puppet. At the very least, nobody was being hostile to a puppet. On the other hand, Shan and Speaker Fang were being treated with hostility. They weren’t treated like a member of the clan.</p>

  <p>The Winged Pegasus Clan’s Vice Speaker, Fenglei, was currently inside the hall. There were also a lot of Winged Pegasus members present. These people were high ranking members of the clan. Some were the senior council members while some were great generals. There were also city lords present. It can be said that these people were the decision makers of the Winged Pegasus Clan.</p>

  <p>Fenglei was the iron official of the Winged Pegasus Clan. If it weren’t for him keeping Speaker Fang back, then Speaker Fang’s influence wouldn’t have reduced so much. And after Yifei was killed by Zhao Hai, it was Fenglei who proposed delaying. He was also the one who made sure that Shan was ignored.</p>

  <p>Fenglei looks to be in his fifties. His hair was a little white but his face wasn’t wrinkled. The whites of his hair seem to add some touch of maturity into him. But in his calm expression, one could see a hint of arrogance.</p>

  <p>At this time, Fenglei’s face sank as though it was a drop of water. He looked at the people in the room and said, “Everyone should have already received the news. Just like what Zhao Hai and Shan said, there is an invading army just outside our spatial rift. And in only three hours, they managed to break through the 200 thousand troops we stationed in the defensive line. What opinions does everyone have?”</p>

  <p>The people inside the room looked at each other. They really didn’t know what to say. The fighting strength of the opposite party was beyond their expectation. In three hours, 200 thousand people were killed. Even the nine Supreme Elders weren’t able to do this.</p>

  <p>Fenglei looked at their eyes and couldn’t help but flare in anger. Then after that, a flash of fear appeared. He was afraid of the O’Neal family’s invasion, and he was also afraid of Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>However, he still didn’t think about asking the foreign races for help. This would mean that he was also asking Zhao Hai. Fenglei clearly understood that he had greatly offended Shan. If he wanted to ask Zhao Hai for help, then it would be very difficult to do so. Not to say about Zhao Hai declining to help, but even if Zhao Hai did make a move, then this meant that Fenglei’s great days would be gone. He was even afraid that he wouldn’t be able to keep his life after this ordeal.</p>

  <p>At this moment, Fenglei began to feel regret. He regretted that he guessed wrong. He regretted that he didn’t listen to Zhao Hai and didn’t enter the Space. At this point, he didn’t know what he should do.</p>
</body>
</html>