<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1203: Departure</h3>

  <p>Two days quickly went by. Over the two days, Zhao Hai and Margaret explored the entirety of the Machine Field Planet. This brought attention to a lot of people in the Machine Field.</p>

  <p>However, nobody dared to cause trouble for Zhao Hai. With the Six Realm Beginner Competition on the horizon, nobody would disturb any participant, especially Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>But even so, whenever Zhao Hai was exploring with Margaret, a lot of people would stare at them. This made the two feel quite uncomfortable.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was a high-profile individual, and his sudden appearance caused people to be taken aback. They always thought that Zhao Hai was injured. But judging by his current state, he looked very healthy. Was he really injured? Or was he just suppressing his injury?</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai decided to ignore these people. Although there wasn’t much in the Machine Field Planet that caught his attention, he still made the effort to get gifts for Laura and the others. These things didn’t need to be expensive, it was the thought that counts.</p>

  <p>What Zhao Hai brought for Laura and the others were trivial gadgets that weren’t worth their money but was instead beautiful. This was something girls liked.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai actually felt sorry for Laura and the others. They had been with him for a long time, but they could only stay inside the Space at this moment. They observe and understand the Machine Field only through the monitor. They can’t come out and play in the Machine Field. This caused Zhao Hai to feel very guilty.</p>

  <p>After Zhao Hai played around with Margaret for two days, the time for departure finally came. Zhao Hai got up in the morning before going with Cadjo towards the place where they would depart.</p>

  <p>The Machine Field Planet has two huge transmission formations. The first formation was something that can only be used by core members of the Machine Field. This formation could be adjusted to teleport towards more than 1000 planets in the Machine Field.</p>

  <p>As for the other transmission formation, it was specifically guarded and shut off during normal times. This was done so that people from the Cultivation Realm couldn’t use it. A secret technique was used to shut it off.</p>

  <p>The two formations were in two teleportation towers specifically constructed for their respective functions. They were heavily guarded structures. And now Zhao Hai and the others were heading there.</p>

  <p>Margaret sat besides Zhao Hai as she snuggled to Zhao Hai’s bosom and whispered, “Brother Hai, you need to take care of yourself. Cultivators aren’t easy to deal with, especially that Li Chuchen. You made him lose face last time, he will surely retaliate.”</p>

  <p>Actually, there was no need for Margaret to say those words. After all, she could just say them to Zhao Hai while inside the Space. However, if Margaret didn’t say anything, Cadjo and the others would get suspicious. Because of this, Margaret had to perform. This was also something that Laura and the others taught her.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Rest assured, nothing bad will happen. I’ll come back safely.”</p>

  <p>Margaret nodded gently, her eyes were somewhat red. The hand that she held Zhao Hai with couldn’t help but tighten. Although they could talk to each other inside the Space, being able to talk in person was different. Inside the Space, Zhao Hai doesn’t only belong to Margaret, he belonged to everyone. Only in the Machine Field would Zhao Hai belong to her alone.</p>

  <p>Margaret was actually half worried and half acting. She loved Zhao Hai and she doesn’t want anything dangerous happen to him. Therefore, she acted thus.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai held Margaret near his ear and then whispered, “It’s fine. Don’t worry about not seeing me. I won’t be in any trouble.” Margaret buried herself deeper into Zhao Hai’s embrace. Zhao Hai could even feel his clothes getting wet with tears.</p>

  <p>Zhao hai sighed. This was another debt that he couldn’t pay off in his lifetime. The only thing he could do right now was to treat his women well.</p>

  <p>Cadjo saw Zhao Hai and Margaret’s state and didn’t say anything. Thunder already instructed the Ashley Family to allow Zhao Hai and Margaret’s relationship. In other words, he agreed to their union. Because of this, Cadjo didn’t react.</p>

  <p>Actually, Cadjo was hoping that Zhao Hai would end up together with Margaret. Zhao Hai’s strength has already been proven. Moreover, Cadjo and the others were convinced with Zhao Hai’s character. They believed that Margaret would be happy if she ended up with Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Marriage was a fuzzy concept in the Machine Field. If the feelings between two people were good, then they can be together without any need for a ceremony. Ordinary people would just live together without much fuss. Only unions between great families would require a wedding ceremony.</p>

  <p>When he first found out about this, Zhao Hai was somewhat surprised. However, this made Zhao Hai a bit happy. This meant that there was no need for a flashy ceremony. In any case, Margaret loves him and he loves Margaret too.</p>

  <p>It didn’t take long before the car arrived at the transmission tower. There were already a lot of cars parked beside the tower. When Zhao Hai and the others got out, they immediately entered the structure.</p>

  <p>The first floor of the transmission tower was a hall. This hall was huge with thousands of square meters of floor area. There were a lot of people standing inside this hall.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai entered the hall, he immediately captured the attention of everyone. The looks directed towards him were mixed with envy, provocation, and hostility. However, Zhao Hai didn’t care, this was because he managed to spot Xiong Li and the others.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai quickly walked over to them. In the two days that he had been playing around with Margaret, he didn’t go and look for Xiong Li and the others. Therefore, when Xiong Li and the others saw Zhao Hai, they quickly welcomed him.</p>

  <p>Xiong Li looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, I heard that you’ve been merry these past two days. But you’ve been too happy that you forgot about your brothers.”</p>

  <p>Without waiting for Zhao Hai to speak, Margaret pouted as she said, “Big Brother Xiong, Brother Hai is accompanying me. Is there any problem?”</p>

  <p>Xiong Li smiled and said, “There’s no problem, no problem. Hahahaha, Brother, Sister-in-law is angry. I’m just joking.” Xiong Li’s excuse caused everyone to burst into laughter.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Ever since ascending to the Machine Field, I have either been on missions or in seclusion. I haven’t gone out with Margaret that much. It just so happened that I have two days of free time. So of course, I took the chance to get to know Machine Field Planet. Once we arrive at the Cultivation Realm, it’ll be us brothers who will drink together.”</p>

  <p>Li Kuangren laughed, then he patted shoulder and said, “Good, good. But Little Hai, the wines that you take out tastes so good. I can’t drink any other wine now.”</p>

  <p>Everyone continued to talk with each other. This caused other people to look at them. The identities of the people present weren’t ordinary. These were the top 100 beginners in the Machine Field. Moreover, behind these 100 people were powerful groups. This caused everyone else to be pushed to the side.</p>

  <p>At this time, the hall suddenly turned silent. Zhao Hai and the others paused as well. Then they turned to look at the person coming in from outside. This man had blue hair and appeared nonchalant.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai saw Streep, his eyes couldn’t help but flash with despise. He wasn’t looking down on Streep’s strength but instead he was looking down on Streep’s conduct.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t give up on monitoring Streep in the past days. Almost every day, Streep would change for another woman. No woman stayed by his side for more than two days.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was aware that this action was part of Streep’s cultivation. This was certainly the harvest he gained from that lucky encounter. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be this serious in changing from woman to woman. This also explains why his attacks were strong. His cultivation methods definitely had something to do with the yin aspect.</p>

  <p>Streep also noticed Zhao Hai as he gave Zhao Hai a smile and a nod, as if he was very familiar with Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai saw Streep’s gesture, he just gave a strong nod before turning around and ignoring him.</p>

  <p>Seeing Zhao Hai’s actions, a flash of anger appeared in Streep’s eyes. Then he turned around and approached the other participants.</p>

  <p>After Zhao Hai turned his head, he saw that Xiong Li and the others’ faces were somewhat ugly. Li Kuangren coldly snorted and said, “That fellow is really not pleasing to the eyes.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Li Kuangren and the others. He knew that they were still angry about the injustice that happened back in the Ashley Family’s party. After all, Li Chuchen’s challenge only came about due to Ba Dong’s provocation. There were also a few people in the room whose face darkened, clearly directing hate towards Streep.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at his brothers as he smiled and said, “Brothers, are you prepared? We’re about to leave soon.”</p>

  <p>Xiong Li slightly smiled and said, “I’ve prepared everything. What I’m worried about is you, kid. You’ve been accompanying Miss Margaret for two days. Did you manage to prepare anything?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Of course I’ve prepared. I have high grade wine, seasonal dishes, and other delicious snacks.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Xiong Li and the others couldn’t help but stare. They looked at each other before Dongfang Yu looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, didn’t you prepare anything else? Weapons? Defensive items?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai just gave them a smile as he answered, “Rest assured, I prepared everything I need. I’m just used to bring food whenever I head out. This way, I’ll have something to eat and drink during downtimes. Hehe.”</p>

  <p>Xiong Li laughed and said, “I know about this. Back in the elimination round, while we were fighting, this fellow actually took out a recliner, an umbrella, and some drinks. He’s the only one who looks relaxed and free.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was about to reply, but footsteps were heard coming from the transmission tower. Zhao Hai looked up and saw a group of people going down.</p>

  <p>Leading this group of people was a Warrior. This Warrior was tall and big, but he was actually very thin. His skin was a bit dark and he had a scar on his face. He had inch long hair while his eyes were ghastly cold. One could see that he wasn’t an affable person.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knew that this was Skybreaker Blade Ma Rulong. This person was a true killer. From his debut to the present, he has entered battle thousands of times. There were times where he was injured but that was after he killed hundreds of characters. He was a true menace of the battlefield.</p>

  <p>Following behind Ma Rulong were the respective team leaders. These leaders were Mages and Warriors, they were clearly from the three huge powers. These people were arranged to manage and protect Zhao Hai and the others.</p>

  <p>After Ma Rulong got down, his eyes swept through Zhao Hai and the others before saying, “Is everybody here?” His voice was extremely low and seemed to carry his imposing aura.</p>

  <p>Just as his voice fell,&#160; a person wearing Mage robes went to his side before bowing and saying, “Answering to Sir Ma. Everyone is here.”</p>

  <p>Ma Rulong nodded, then he said, “All participants will follow him to the room over there. Everyone else should say their goodbyes.”</p>

  <p>&#160;After Ma Rulong said that, he no longer gave everyone his attention as he walked towards the room. This was the room where the transmission formation was. Zhao Hai and the others needed to head there.</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Ma Rulong, Zhao Hai turned his head to Cadjo and said, “General Manager, we’re leaving. You take care. Camp Lord, you take care as well.” Then he gave the two a bow before turning to Margaret and giving her a gentle nod. After all the goodbyes were said, he turned and proceeded towards the room that Ma Rulong just entered.</p>

  <p>At this time, Xiong Li and the others were also done saying goodbyes to their families. The group walked towards the transmission room shoulder to shoulder. Upon entering the room, they saw that the other participants were already inside. Ma Rulong was also inside. Because of Ma Rulong’s presence, everyone’s voices were in hushed tones.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai entered the room, he couldn’t help but look at the floor. A magic formation was drawn into the floor. The formation was very complex, moreover it was very large. It spread out to all corners of the room. The formation was also filled with incomparably abstract symbols. It actually gave the room an aesthetic feel to it.</p>

  <p>Everyone continued to speak in quiet tones. Before long, everyone was inside the room. The same Mage from before went to Ma Rulong’s side and reported, “Sir, everyone is present.”</p>

  <p>Ma Rulong nodded, then he looked at the participants and said, “I’ll be leading our trip to the Cultivation Realm. Therefore, you need to listen to my every word. The Cultivation Realm isn’t like the Machine Field. Nobody is allowed to wander about without by consent. Otherwise, I won’t be able to save you if an accident happens. Understood?”</p>

  <p>Everyone gave a sound of understanding. Ma Rulong nodded, then he turned to a Mage and said, “Let’s begin.” The Mage nodded before he took out wrist computers from his storage item. These computers were as big as one’s palm. These computers floated towards Zhao Hai and the others. Upon receiving the gadget, the participants curiously inspected it.</p>

  <p>As the participants were inspecting the computer, a voice was heard, “These devices are mainly used for communication and location. Contact information of the team leaders are already saved inside. If you come across something while strolling in the Cultivation Realm, you can use this device to contact a team leader. This device also has a positioning system, allowing us to find you in the shortest time. Because of this, you need to keep this device on yourselves at all times. Don’t store it in your spatial items.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and the others didn’t have any problems with it. They quickly placed the device on their hands. This gadget was made like a wristband. Although it appears like it was made out of bright silver, it wasn’t heavy at all. Instead, it was very soft and very comfortable to wear.</p>

  <p>After seeing that everyone had equipped their computers, the Mage went to a corner of the room to start the formation. He went over and pushed a button on the wall. Before long, a flash appeared and everyone vanished from the room.</p>
</body>
</html>