<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 921: A Change In Temperament!</h3>

  <p>Although Kale didn’t fully understand everything, he still decided to trust Carvalho.</p>

  <p>The order was passed, but the reason why he believed Carvalho was because Carvalho managed to save his life during the time they were in a unit together. This allowed Kale to give Carvalho his unconditional trust.</p>

  <p>After giving the order, Kale looked at Carvalho and said, “Carvalho, what happened to Lion Rock? How could it be this serious?”</p>

  <p>Carvalho turned to Kale and said, “Zhao Hai is here!”</p>

  <p>Kale stared, then he said, “Zhao Hai? What is his relationship with Lion Rock?…. Wait, the undead! Are those Zhao Hai’s doing?”</p>

  <p>Carvalho nodded and said, “Right, I’ve seen the undead. They’re from Lion Rock!”</p>

  <p>Kale’s eyes turned blood red. He looked straight at Carvalho and said, “I remember that your family’s ancestors have been buried in Lion Rock. Are they among the undead?”</p>

  <p>Carvalho’s eyes turned ominous as he nodded and said, “I have seen the ancestor, but he doesn’t know me.” The volume of the two wasn’t that small, allowing those around them to hear. When they heard Carvalho, they were astonished before their expression was changed to anger. But Kale and Carvalho didn’t care about it.</p>

  <p>It was just like what Zhao Hai said, the emotions of the Leo Divines were like a barrel of gunpowder. As long as a small spark comes, then it would immediately blow up. Even the calm soldiers would have a change of expression, much less anybody else.</p>

  <p>Carvalho wanted to restrict the spread of this information. But just as he was made to tell Kale, other people would have to tell other people as well. In the end, it wouldn’t take long before Lion Rock’s matter would spread throughout the Leo continent.</p>

  <p>Meanwhile, Qing Feng and Mingyue led the undead to enter the Hell King’s ship and occupy the undead cabins. There were plenty of other undead here, but Zhao Hai sent them to the Space in order to make room.</p>

  <p>Qing Feng and Mingyue’s group of undead were the most powerful ones that Zhao Hai had. Naturally, Zhao Hai would have them follow him to enhance his own strength. Zhao Hai couldn’t use his full power, and Qing Feng and Mingyue’s appearance just supplemented that shortcoming..</p>

  <p>At this time, Carvalho and Kale were heading towards Lion City. They wanted to inform the Leo Emperor about Zhao Hai’s presence in the Continent as soon as possible. Their aim was to solve this issue as quickly as possible.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai wasn’t finished, after he took care of the undead, he directed the Hell King’s ship to go under Lion Rock once more. He must destroy Lion Mountain and make it known to the Leo Divines that he was the one who did it. He wanted to make sure that this matter wouldn’t be hidden.</p>

  <p>Shaking the foundation of Lion Rock wasn’t difficult for Zhao Hai. He had plenty of undead as well as numerous iron armor beasts. If he wanted to destroy something, then that would be an easy matter.</p>

  <p>Just as Zhao Hai was about to begin demolishing Lion Rock, the Leo soldiers also began to surround the place. Naturally, they wouldn’t be able to enclose the entire mountain. They just stationed themselves at crucial points to make sure that nobody enters the area.</p>

  <p>The soldiers were still clueless about what happened in Lion Rock since they weren’t given much information other than the Carvalho’s order.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai wasn’t polite, he immediately released a large number of undead and iron armor beasts to begin excavating Lion Rock. They dug holes in the mountain in preparation for collapsing it in one go.</p>

  <p>Presently, Zhao Hai had hundreds of millions of undead. It wouldn’t be hard for these undead to dig up a huge mountain. Moreover, these undead were God-rank, they could just use Earth Element magic in order to excavate quickly.</p>

  <p>At this time, Zhao Hai was sitting inside the Hell King’s ship. He was looking at the ongoing excavation that was happening in Lion Rock. It was only after a while did he call Qing Feng over in order to tell him about his cultivation method.</p>

  <p>Although Qing Feng and Mingyue studied the most basic cultivation method, it was still much better compared to magic and battle qi. Because of this, Zhao Hai wanted to learn it for himself.</p>

  <p>Laura and the others were also by Zhao Hai’s side, looking at the cultivation method. After taking a glance at it, Zhao Hai said, “Really mysterious. It’s more delicate compared to battle qi and magic. If we practice according to this method, then we could control our strength more freely. Moreover, our abilities would get a huge increase.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded, “Right, I can’t believe that this is &#160;just a basic cultivation method. Currently, we could still fight with the strongest people in the Divine Realm. But if we face people who used this cultivation method, then we might encounter a few problems.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to Laura and said, “Laura, I’ll leave you to observe the undead. As long as the excavation is done, topple Lion Rock. Meanwhile, I will try to practice this cultivation method. I want to see what effects it may have.”</p>

  <p>When Laura heard Zhao Hai, she couldn’t help but look at him and said, “Brother Hai, are you sure? Practicing those methods seem to be risky. You should wait.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “It’ll be fine. Sooner or later, we’ll be entering the Cultivation Realm. The situation there is different from what we have right now. A good basic cultivation method can give you a good foundation. I have already asked Qing Feng, he said that their sect was quite famous in the Cultivation Realm. Their basic cultivation methods are quite well-known as well. Therefore, there shouldn’t be any risks practicing their cultivation method. I’ll practice this first to gain some experience. Later on, you’ll cultivate as well. Also, Cai’er will be with me, there’s no need to worry.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Laura knew that any further persuasion would be useless. Therefore, she just nodded and said, “Alright, but you need to be careful.” Zhao Hai smiled faintly as he nodded at the women and proceeded to enter his room.</p>

  <p>Inside his room, Zhao Hai immediately sat cross legged and went along with the instructions stated in the cultivation manual. The instructions weren’t that complex, but Zhao Hai still had some difficulties. The cultivation method was harder to practice than any battle qi manual that Zhao Hai has ever seen.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai was still confident that he would be able to practice well. One shouldn’t forget, Zhao Hai was already on the boundary. His strength had already reached a stage where he would have to ascend to the Cultivation Realm. This cultivation method would just serve to refine his own energy.</p>

  <p>To Zhao Hai, practicing this cultivation method was just like perfecting a half-completed work, not adding something new.</p>

  <p>And even if the cultivation method wasn’t able to perfect Zhao Hai’s strength, at the very least &#160;it could still chisel his strength into a more appropriate form. As for what his strength would turn into, then it was up to Zhao Hai to find out later on.</p>

  <p>It didn’t take long for Zhao Hai to practice the cultivation method. He was now going along the routes that the method had described.</p>

  <p>Upon completing one cycle of the cultivation method, Zhao Hai was suddenly startled. The cultivation method actually managed to stabilize his strength, making Zhao Hai tranquil, calming his mental state.</p>

  <p>At the same time, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but get startled at how his strength became more formidable. Because of this, the heaven and earth’s suppression on him began to strengthen. This might be dangerous for average people. But for Zhao Hai, it was still within controllable range. Moreover, Zhao Hai knew that after ending his cultivation his strength would begin to calm down, lessening the pressure on him.</p>

  <p>When he was finished practicing the cultivation method, Zhao Hai felt that his body start to become calm, even the laws had lessened their rejection. Zhao Hai let out a sigh of relief, he finally felt how profound the cultivation method was.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai slowly opened his eyes and let out a long breath. It can be clearly seen that his temperament had undergone a change. It can be said that Zhao Hai had no presence before, he was just like an invisible person. But now, his presence had become very clear.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was like an envoy of peace as he just stood there. He gave people the feeling of meeting a gentle breeze, soft, warm, and amicable. His magic robe also accentuated this image.</p>

  <p>Although the robe was black, there was no evil feeling emanating out of Zhao Hai. Instead, it gave a sense of maturity and stability. A sage-like person!!</p>

  <p>If someone were to describe the Zhao Hai right now with four words, then it would be ‘A sage-like person’ These four characters described Zhao Hai’s current appearance.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s two eyes looked very peaceful and distant, evoking a sense of mystery about him. Once you stare at them, one would be lost. His skin looked like radiant stones. Just by standing there, Zhao Hai looked like he was one with the world.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t know the changes to his temperament. He just felt like he was never as calm as this in the past. The laws around him seem to calm down as well and wasn’t rejecting him as much before.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knew that this was because of how his energy has been transformed. As soon as he begins to use his powers, then the laws would heavily reject him once more. This was because his strength was something that shouldn’t exist in this realm.</p>

  <p>But even if Zhao Hai’s temperament had calmed down, this didn’t mean that his judgement has been affected. He still had matters to attend to, people to kill. He wouldn’t be lenient. His temperament was only changed because of the cultivation method.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the time, one hour had passed. He smiled faintly as he walked out of his room. Upon heading out, Zhao Hai saw Laura and the others staring at the screen. Lion rock was seen on the screen. At this time, Lion Rock was already turned to dust, thoroughly collapsed.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai saw this and smiled, “We’re almost done here.”</p>

  <p>When they heard this, Laura and the others immediately turned their heads. When the saw Zhao Hai, they couldn’t help but get stunned, every single one of their expressions was shock.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai found their expressions strange, so he asked, “What’s wrong? Did something happen to me?”</p>

  <p>When Laura heard this, she couldn’t help but laugh. Then she went to Zhao Hai and grabbed his hand, “Brother Hai, there’s nothing wrong. But you seem to look better compared to before.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but gawk. Then he smiled and said, “Look better than before? Why, was I ugly? Or did I become more attractive?”</p>

  <p>Megan chuckled as she ran to Zhao Hai and grabbed his other arm, “You looked good before. But you also didn’t become more handsome. Your temperament just changed, you seem more mature now compared to before. Brother Hai, we need to make an agreement. You’re not allowed to see women outside alone anymore. Otherwise, those women would be swept up by you.”</p>

  <p>When Lizzy and the others heard Megan, they couldn’t help but chuckle as well. Zhao Hai loudly laughed and said, “Is that so? Did my charisma improve? Alright, you go practice the cultivation method as well. When you’re all done, you will become the same as me.”</p>

  <p>Meg smiled and said, “It looks like the cultivation method is very good. How did the cultivation go, Brother Hai? Did you have problems? Is it difficult?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “It wasn’t too difficult. The cultivation method is very easy. All of you should be able to succeed. Alright, no need to stare at me. After you finish, go to the Space and give the cultivation method to Grandpa Green and the others. I reckon it would be helpful for them.”</p>

  <p>Laura and the others nodded before they took a copy of the cultivation method and went to practice. Zhao Hai knew that the cultivation method would be good for Grandpa Green and the others because he noted that the method was of Daoist origin. Moreover, it was a moderate and peaceful method.</p>

  <p>This kind of method wasn’t quick, but Daoist practices generally had the most benefits. People who practice this method would not be possessed by Devils and would generally have more life force.</p>
</body>
</html>