<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1117: A Little Gift</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai felt that it was unfair. However, this unfairness wasn’t for him, but for other people in the camp.</p>

  <p>He was a newcomer to the camp, and the strength he revealed so far was only level 1. In this case, him living in a villa meant for level 4 experts was unfair to the other people in the camp.</p>

  <p>With this thought in mind, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but look at Tao Wang, “Big Brother, this isn’t good. If I live here, what would other people think? I think I should live in the lower floors.”</p>

  <p>Tao Wang smiled and said, “Rest assured, those fellows wouldn’t think bad of you. Don’t underestimate those guys. Every one of them are rich. Don’t forget that besides this building, there are also two residential areas in the island. Those who wanted to live in villas would have already bought their own. Also, since the Camp Lord wanted you to live here, nobody would dare say anything.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said, “Then I’ll have to thank Big Brother Tao. Big Brother, this little brother just ascended from the lower realms. So I don’t have a lot of precious things. The only thing I can gift you are these two bottles of wine. These are the most valuable things I have right now. I also gave the Camp Lord two bottles of this wine. Please have a taste. Also, please have everyone in the camp have a taste of the wine. If they like the flavor, then our Bone Symbol Camp might open our own winery. I’ve also given the formula for this wine to the Camp Lord.”</p>

  <p>After he said that, Zhao Hai waved his hand and took two bottles of wine out as well as a spatial bag. Spatial bags weren’t rare in the Machine Field. One could easily buy one as long as they practice at a certain level. Therefore, Zhao Hai wasn’t afraid of taking one out.</p>

  <p>Tao Wang understood what Zhao Hai wanted to convey. But regarding Zhao Hai’s respectful manner, he happily received the gift. He received the two bottles as well as the spatial bag and said, “Alright. This Big Brother doesn’t have a lot of hobbies besides drinking. I’ll have a taste of your wine when I head back. I’ll also send these wines to everyone. Don’t worry, I’ll tell them that these came from you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai laughed and said, “Big Brother Tao is too polite. Come drink with me later. Right, I also have two other kinds of liquor. Take it back and have a taste.” After that, Zhao Hai took out another two containers and handed them over to Tao Wang.</p>

  <p>Tao Wang wasn’t polite and stored the two containers into his own spatial item. Then he smiled and said, “Let’s go and take a look at your house. We’ll have a drink after you get settled.” Then he led Zhao Hai along.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s villa wasn’t near the elevator. He was placed in the floor’s best location. This location was beside a window, allowing its occupant to see the scenery outside.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai inspected his place. He didn’t have much requests for his accommodation. As long as it was livable, then it was already good. The whole villa was divided into two floors. The land area of the villa was less than 100 square meters. There was also a small garden outside. The other villas on this floor were constructed the same way.</p>

  <p>Tao Wang carefully introduced Zhao Hai to the villa. Although the house was very small, it was fully equipped. It even had a kitchen installed.</p>

  <p>The upper floor had three bedrooms while the lower floor had the kitchen, living room, and bathroom.</p>

  <p>After showing Zhao Hai the house, Tao Wang said, “Little Hai, although this house is quite small. You can rest assured. The Camp Lord has already prepared a good villa for you. As long as you get used to the Machine Field’s density of spiritual qi, you can immediately move to that villa.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “There’s really no need to bother, this place is already good. Right, Big Brother Tao, can I use the kitchen here instead of going to the cafeteria below?”</p>

  <p>Tao Wang smiled and said, “Of course you can. If you don’t want to prepare your own food, I can buy you some robots that can cook for you. You don’t need to worry about payment. The Camp Lord already made sure that you get everything you want.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai replied, “Brother Tao, I already have robots left them behind in the academy. I’ve already asked the Camp Lord to fetch them for me. Please help me deliver those robots here. As for other requests, my main task here is to adapt to the spiritual qi as soon as possible. As long as I can adapt to the spiritual qi, then everything is fine.”</p>

  <p>Tao Wang laughed and said, “This kid. Alright, then I will get you some food for now. You will also get your food delivered regularly. The Camp Lord wants to make sure that you won’t get burdened with pointless stuff.” Then after he said that, he left with a laugh.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knew that Tao Wang was joking with him. So he just smiled and familiarized himself with the villa. He went to his room and took out the anti-monitoring device. After seeing that there weren’t any surveillance device inside, he felt relieved.</p>

  <p>However, he didn’t enter the Space. He knew that Desbarres might come later on. So instead of returning to the Space, he sat down and condensed more formations.</p>

  <p>After two hours, the sound of a car was heard outside the villa. Then quickly after that, Tao Wang’s voice was heard, “Little Hai, Little Hai, are you there? Come here quickly.” Zhao Hai went out of his villa and saw Desbarres and Tao Wang outside. Besides the two, nobody else was present.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai quickly opened the door and asked the two to come in. Zhao Hai also discovered that Tao Wang was bringing several bags which seemed to contain things.</p>

  <p>Tao Wang wasn’t too polite as he directly went to to the villa’s dining room. Then he put the bags down and took out its contents. What was inside were few meal boxes with food inside.</p>

  <p>Looking at Zhao Hai’s dazed expression, Desbarres laughed and said, “Little Hai, since it’s your first day in the camp, I brought Tao Wang here to drink. So how about sharing a few cups with us?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai replied, “Since the Camp Lord wants someone to drink with, then I will naturally comply. It’s a pity that you brought me food. Otherwise, I would’ve prepared you some food myself.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Tao Wang suddenly smiled. Then he gave Zhao Hai’s spatial bag back to him and said, “Little Hai, I already took the liquor inside and replaced it with food ingredients. If you want to make some food, then you can feel free to do so.”</p>

  <p>Desbarres and Tao Wang thought that Zhao Hai was boasting. In their opinion, a cultivating genius like Zhao Hai must have certainly focused his efforts on cultivating. In this case, how could he possibly know how to prepare food?</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t care about what the two thought. The thing in his mind right now was what Tao Wang just said. Then out of curiosity, he took his spatial bag and looked inside. And just like Tao Wang said, there were ingredients inside. There was meat, eggs, vegetables, and other things needed for cooking.&#160;</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the ingredients and then looked at the food that Tao Wang and Desbarres brought. There were fried chicken, fries and so on. There weren’t any special food. To be honest, Zhao Hai truly wanted to drink. But he couldn’t enjoy his drink with these foods.</p>

  <p>When he drank inside the Space, he would have liquor and food prepared by Meg. At this point, Meg’s cooking was a bit inferior if not on par with a master chef. And since Zhao Hai wanted country cooking, Meg prepared chinese cuisine for him.</p>

  <p>And because of this, Zhao Hai had developed a particular taste. At this point, he couldn’t eat common dishes. Therefore, Zhao Hai took out some fish and vegetables and then proceeded to cook.</p>

  <p>Seeing Zhao Hai’s skillful actions, Desbarres and Tao Wang couldn’t help but stare. They didn’t expect Zhao Hai to actually know how to cook.</p>

  <p>Before long, Zhao Hai completed two dishes. One of them was a cold dish, which was a home-cooked dish of Pu Ai. The other dish was a hot dish which was made with fish. Zhao Hai placed these two dishes on the table amidst Desbarres’ and Tao Wang’s surprise.</p>

  <p>It must be said that even if the World of Cultivation was much stronger than Earth, it was still inferior to Earth in terms of cuisine.</p>

  <p>In the World of Cultivation, everyone gave full priority to cultivation. Even if they had the same ingredients as back on Earth, they still wouldn’t spend the time to research how to make better dishes. If people from the World of Cultivation had the time to research dishes, they might as well use it to research formations or other things related to getting stronger.</p>

  <p>Because of this mindset, the entire World of Cultivation didn’t have any deep understanding of cuisine. What people generally ate were simple dishes.</p>

  <p>Home-made dishes like cold dishes didn’t look any special. The hot fish dish, on the other hand, looked like it took a lot of work to prepare. Desbarres and Tao Wang were dumbfounded by the skills they witnessed.</p>

  <p>In the past, when Zhao Hai was eating at the academy’s cafeteria, he discovered that the dishes there weren’t much to talk about. And after accessing the internet, he finally knew the level of cuisine here. Therefore, he decided to show off some cooking skills. It must be said that his cooking skill was only inferior to Meg’s.</p>

  <p>Desbarres looked at the two dishes and said, “Little Hai, did you just cook these two dishes? Where did you learn to cook?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I studied it back home. Have a taste.”&#160;</p>

  <p>Tao Wang took some chopsticks and proceeded to eat.</p>
</body>
</html>