<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 499: Wedding Date Has Been Decided</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t even think about doing his wedding at Golden Island. This was because there was nothing there. He preferred to do his wedding at the castle, that would be more befitting for a noble.</p>

  <p>Seeing that Zhao Hai was silent and frowning, Green got confused and said, “Young Master? Is Golden Island not good?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “Grandpa Green, there aren’t any good structures in Golden Island yet. There are only tunnels and caves there, I don’t think it would be a good idea to have our wedding at that place.”</p>

  <p>Green thought about it and nodded, “This is really an issue, there aren’t any good enough structures at Golden Island. If we do the wedding there, then it would really seem simple.”</p>

  <p>Laura opened her mouth and said, “Brother Hai, Grandpa Green, I really don’t think it’s bad. Golden Island is our territory, we can handle matters there anyway we like, completely different to Carson City. Some people might want to cause trouble during the ceremony, so there will be fighting. Although Brother Hai is very strong, we very much prefer to hide it. The Emperor wouldn’t’ really care what we do on the island, but in Carson City? If we show our strength, it might even frighten him. This would be troublesome. This is why I think it would be best if we do the wedding ceremony on Golden Island.”</p>

  <p>When Laura heard that Zhao Hai was going to marry her, she naturally became shy. But doing so was good, they already wanted to marry Zhao Hai for so long. Now that their desires had been met, they were more happy than shy. Also, they aren’t ordinary women, so they don’t act like them.</p>

  <p>Hearing Laura made Zhao Hai’s mind unexpectedly calm. He had already offended the Aksu Empire, the other nations were also under the heavy influence of the Radiant Church. If they go there, then they won’t be able to have any good days. At this point, they can only rely on the Rosen Empire to accommodate them. He was afraid that he can only defend Golden Island in his lifetime, Zhao Hai didn’t want this, so he had no choice but to consider the empire in his decisions.</p>

  <p>After thinking for a moment, Zhao Hai nodded, “It’s a pity, although Golden Island’s environment is good, there aren’t just any good structures there. If we do our wedding there, then I would only be doing you women injustice.”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and said, “We really don’t mind it Brother Hai, there’s no such thing as injustice. With the Buda Clan’s reputation, there aren’t anyone who dared to underestimate us. Don’t worry about doing our wedding in such an ordinary place, nobody would dare comment on it.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Laura and then smiled, “Alright, then I’ll go talk to Grandpa Randolph tomorrow about the wedding date. After having it settled, we’ll begin to make the invitations. I already had the processing machine make the templates for the invitation, the only thing missing are the names as well as the date.”</p>

  <p>After that, Green and the others went and continued to talk to Zhao Hai about the details about the wedding, the reception, the food, the drinks, as well as who to invite. They must prepare the event properly, Zhao Hai’s status wasn’t ordinary. Because of this, his visitors would be similarly not ordinary, if the visitors are unsatisfied, their Clan might offend them.</p>

  <p>Fortunately, Green and the others were quite used to being stewards, so these kinds of things aren’t enough to burden them. Since Zhao Hai raised this matter, Green and the others needed to fulfil his requirements, these matters would be left for them to arrange.</p>

  <p>Presently, the Space wasn’t lacking any kinds of commodities, therefore Green was able to manage everything easily. Additionally, they have more than 1 million undead to command, handling this matter was too easy.</p>

  <p>After reaching an agreement, Zhao Hai and the others rested. Zhao Hai returned to his room and laid down on the bed, he also went to see the situation back on Golden Island.</p>

  <p>After one month of construction, the shops on the island had already been built up. But these shops were mostly made with stone which the undead mined from the island, since they aren’t exploited, they are the best product left on the island. Even with the Shelley Family’s five-story hotel, there wasn’t any decent building on the island. Holding a wedding in such a place was such a injustice to Laura and the others. Zhao Hai really didn’t want this event to be a lifelong regret for them.</p>

  <p>Although his eyes were already closed while he lied down, Zhao Hai’s head still stayed constantly moving. This was also one of his rituals. Before sleeping, he would think about all the things that he hadn’t managed to handle during the day. This was because he believed that the time where the mind is most active was just before sleeping. If he thought over the matters of the day, he might get some great inspirations to deal with them.</p>

  <p>Sure enough, Zhao Hai wasn’t left disappointed this time. When he was just having a headache about dealing with the structures on Golden Island, he suddenly thought of a certain image.</p>

  <p>This image wasn’t anything else other than a sea of flowers. It was a flower garden, everything in it was made of flowers, even the walls were made of plants.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was originally starting to fall asleep, but when this image appeared, his eyes immediately turned bright. This scene was extremely familiar, this looked exactly like the Carrion Swamp’s Flower City!</p>

  <p>After he thought of this, Zhao Hai immediately summoned Cai’er over using his thought. Cai’er immediately appeared on the room as she looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, what matters did you call me for?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, can you send a branch over to Golden Island and have it formed into a castle? I like to use it to hold my wedding.”</p>

  <p>Cai’er nodded and said, “I can, Young Master. Since I leveled up, I can even make a flower garden as large as a big city.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s face showed his excitement as he said, “There’s no need to make it so big, just make it as large as Wild Dragon Castle. Remember, make its color and atmosphere similar to Flower City.”</p>

  <p>Cai’er nodded and said, “Alright, Young Master, I’ll go do it immediately.” Then she flashed as she vanished. Zhao Hai breathed a sigh of relief. He doesn’t plan to tell the girls about this, he wanted to give them a pleasant surprise when the time came.</p>

  <p>The next morning, Zhao Hai came out of the Space and sat on his carriage as he headed to Dark Soldier Fort. Naturally, Laura and the others were with him as well. Actually, for someone like Megan, if she still wasn’t married, then she would need to stay in Dark Soldier Fort. However, Megan strongly disagreed. Additionally, Randolph also saw that Zhao Hai already had two fiancees on his side, if Megan was at home all the time while Laura and Meg were with Zhao Hai, it would probably make Zhao Hao favor Laura and Meg more. Because of this, Randolph chose to have Megan also stay by Zhao Hai’s side.</p>

  <p>Upon arriving at Dark Soldier Fort, Zhao Hai was immediately welcomed to Randolph’s study. Zhao Hai saw only Randolph inside the study since Smith was already back at Sky Water City. The city cannot survive for long without Smith at the helm.</p>

  <p>Seeing Zhao Hai come, Randolph smiled and said, “What brings you here today? You have a lot of matters to attend to, you don’t have much time to come and visit me here.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Grandpa Randolph, I’m here to discuss with you about a matter of deep importance.”</p>

  <p>Randolph looked at him and said, “What matter?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled, “I want to wed Megan soon, I chose Golden Island for the venue.”</p>

  <p>Randolph stared blankly for a moment before looking at Zhao Hai and sighed, “Right, Megan already follows you everyday. If you don’t hold a wedding, her reputation would be affected. Also, you’re still young, men your age are very thirsty. If anything goes wrong before the wedding, things wouldn’t be too good. Alright, I agree, when do you plan to hold it?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s mind went black with Randolph’s dark words. He really didn’t think that Randolph would have such thoughts. But when he thought about it, he was at Ark Continent and not Earth. Here, it was quite common to be scoffed at when people live together before marriage. Randolph was just afraid that Zhao Hai wouldn’t be able to endure.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai immediately recovered and said, “The sooner the better. I still need to head to the Prairie after the ceremony. There are a lot of things I need to handle there, and there isn’t enough time to do it.”</p>

  <p>Randolph nodded and then thought for a moment before he said, “How about ten days later. We should immediately go and prepare the invitations. Then hand them over along with the notification that the wedding would be ten days later at Golden Island.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I already have the invitations made. The only thing missing from them are the dates, I’ll have them prepared immediately.”</p>

  <p>Randolph nodded, “Go and prepare them. We have a lot of things to take care of, I’ll do my part here at the fort.” Zhao Hai nodded, then he gave Randolph a greeting before heading out. After returning to the castle, he immediately had the processing machine print the dates on to the cards before having them sent.</p>

  <p>There are a lot of invitations that Zhao Hai needed to send this time, the farthest one was to Evan, while some were sent to the other Nobles of the Rosen Empire. Although it can be said that Zhao Hai doesn’t have too deep of a relationship with these nobles, he had already met them at various banquets. It would be disrespectful in his part to not send them an invitation.</p>

  <p>Fortunately, Cai’er had already taken down the names of these nobles, making the manufacturing of the invitations much easier. After printing the names of these people, the invitations were then sent over.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t have a lot of people by his side, therefore most of these invitations were sent either by undead or Blood Hawk. This was a new and odd way of sending invitations.</p>

  <p>While Zhao Hai became very busy in preparing for the wedding, the people outside were very excited. The Buda Clan’s reputation has been quite loud recently. These people knew that the Buda Clan wasn’t only powerful, they also had the literal golden egg which was Golden Island. This matter made people very jealous, but they weren’t able to do anything about it.</p>

  <p>Now that Zhao Hai was holding his wedding, this made the small and medium sized noble clans feel an opportunity. As long as you can participate in the wedding and form a connection with the Buda Clan, one’s rise in the future would be more reachable.</p>

  <p>At this moment, another information came out which made these nobles more inclined to throw their lot with the Buda Clan. Even if they cannot be under the clan’s umbrella, at the very least they needed to make a good impression.</p>
</body>
</html>