<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1200: Instant Fame</h3>

  <p>Cadjo’s expression showed his current mood very well. He was both cheerful and murderous. He was happy because Zhao Hai was alright, but he felt like he wanted to kill Ba Dong on the spot.</p>

  <p>When Ba Dong heard Cadjo’s words, he couldn’t help but look at Cadjo. The Ashley Family Manager was looking at him with a cold stare. Ba Dong’s heart turned cold, then he said, “I’m afraid I can’t. I’ve already disturbed you for long enough. I’ll be taking my leave.” Then after he said that, he turned around and went to his car before it sped away.</p>

  <p>Seeing Ba Dong vanishing in the distance, Cadjo couldn’t help but coldly snort. He will remember this and make sure that Ba Dong wouldn’t have any good days to come. Being called the Smiling Demon wasn’t’ a joke.&#160;</p>

  <p>At this time, Zhao Hai flew back from the forest. Then he received his magic staff before looking at Cadjo and said, “I’ve been unfair to General Manager. I caused the family to lose money by destroying the Incense Tree forest.”</p>

  <p>When Cadjo said this, he couldn’t help but laugh. Then he patted Zhao Hai’s shoulder and said, “Alright, alright. I’ll ask the higher authorities to excuse you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and didn’t say anything. At this time, people from the party went to talk to Zhao Hai and Cadjo. The two stayed there and handled the courtesies.</p>

  <p>However, this time, people’s attention weren’t on Cadjo. Instead, they were more interested in talking with Zhao Hai. He just managed to block three swords from Li Chuchen, this was enough evidence that he had true strength.</p>

  <p>Looking at these people, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but feel a bit of sorrow. The Machine Field and the Cultivation Realm was supposed to be on equal grounds. He was the first place in the realm qualifier while Li Chuchen was tenth. Yet these people see it as a miracle that he was able to block Li Chuchen’s three swords. This showed how pitiful Ascenders were in the Machine Field.</p>

  <p>Naturally, Zhao Hai wouldn’t show his emotion at this time. He just smiled as he talked with the people who approached him. Zhao Hai not being arrogant made everyone feel very good about him.</p>

  <p>Xiong Li and the others weren’t able to squeeze in, but they didn’t seem to care. They just stood aside and looked at the smiling people surrounding Zhao Hai. Xiong Li even said, “How famous do you reckon Little Hai would be? I think the entire realm will know about this by tomorrow.”</p>

  <p>Sun Fei’s face showed his excitement as he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Too strong, Brother Hai is too strong. He’s my idol.”</p>

  <p>Li Kuangren laughed and said, “Very good, very good. But this way, he’ll have to treat us for drinking tomorrow. Hahaha, that Cultivator fellow had an ugly face when he left.”</p>

  <p>Xiong Li smiled and said, “I think Ba Dong had the ugliest expression. When he left, he almost seemed like he was running away. He plotted against Little Hai but failed. Now, Little Hai will be seen by the Machine Field as a hero while he would be seen as a traitor. I wonder how he’ll fix his reputation now.”</p>

  <p>Margaret, who didn’t join the crowd, smiled and added, “He’ll have a very hard time doing that. Don’t forget that Uncle Cadjo is also known as the Smiling Demon by the Machine Field. He would only plot against another person if provoked. And now that Ba Dong offended him, he wouldn’t be able to leave it at that. Ba Dong will surely have a hard time.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Margaret, everyone present unconsciously nodded. It has been a few years since Xiong Li and the others ascended, so they were familiar with Cadjo’s title of Smiling Demon. They also knew what this name entailed. Therefore, they agreed to Margaret’s words.</p>

  <p>Dongfang Yu looked at Margaret and asked, “Sister-in-law, why are you here instead of being beside Little Hai?”</p>

  <p>Margaret smiled faintly and said, “I don’t like dealing with such crowds. Actually, Brother Hai dislikes it as well. However, he has no choice but to face them now. If he wasn’t thinking about the Ashley Family, then he would’ve already went drinking with you. He said that it’s very exhausting dealing with such people.”</p>

  <p>Dongfang Yu and the others laughed. They had some understanding of Zhao Hai, and he did indeed dislike such crowds.</p>

  <p>If any other Ascender were placed in Zhao Hai’s position, then they would have already been shining with joy. Being able to gain connections with such famous and influential people was something that was very important for Ascenders. Therefore, most ascenders would definitely flatter these people if they were in Zhao Hai’s shoes.</p>

  <p>Dongfang Yu and the others couldn’t help but think about what would happen if they were in Zhao Hai’s position. They wondered if they were still able to be as calm as Zhao Hai. But after inspecting themselves, they knew that they couldn’t be sure.</p>

  <p>Cadjo’s party was held not so late. So when people found out about what happened, they immediately drove over to the party in order to inquire about the situation. In the end, the party had to extend beyond its schedule.</p>

  <p>The party finally ended very late into the night. When everyone had gone back to take a rest, Margaret and Zhao Hai returned to the Space. Zhao Hai didn’t feel anything when he was fighting against Li Chuchen. However, he found himself to be very exhausted when dealing with the crowd. After going to the hot spring with Margaret, he returned to his room and slept.</p>

  <p>What Zhao Hai didn’t know was that when he was asleep, the entire Machine Field erupted. Video of his fight with Li Chuchen had spread. Nobody knew who spread it around but it didn’t take long before it reached all corners of the realm. This caused a stir&#160; in the Machine Field.</p>

  <p>The Machine Field had always been at a disadvantage when it comes to one-on-one. Not to say about the same levels, even those who were a level or two above their Cultivation realm counterparts wouldn’t dare challenge cultivators.&#160;</p>

  <p>Yet now, Zhao Hai who was a level 4 Mage managed to block three swords from a tenth place beginner Cultivator. He didn’t even look frazzled after receiving the three swords. Zhao Hai was already famous for being a dark horse, and this event made him even more well-known.</p>

  <p>Countless people faced their computers that night, watching a recording of Zhao Hai and Li Chuchen’s battle on repeat. They were unable to restrain themselves from feeling excited, they were unable to sleep.</p>

  <p>The fight was too beautiful. The attacks were splendid and even more so Zhao Hai’s defence. From the video, Zhao Hai’s defense was flawless. He didn’t even press wind one time, no distress was seen on his face.</p>

  <p>Beautiful, it was too beautiful. This was the most beautiful battle between a Mage from the Machine Field and a Cultivator. Zhao Hai’s popularity sharply increased.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai wasn’t aware of any of these since he was sleeping inside the Space. He had a very good sleep. He was aware that Li Chuchen was a Cultivator at Foundation Establishment stage. His fight with Li Chuchen made him realize how strong he was in relation to his peers. Being able to fight with Li Chuchen like that without exerting much effort gave Zhao Hai a boost of confidence. Zhao Hai knew that Li Chuchen didn’t use all of his strength. However, this was natural. Li Chuchen had a lot of magical artifacts that he didn’t use, but Zhao Hai was in the same position. He still had his astral qi but he didn’t use it. This was because he was afraid that Li Chuchen would find out about it.</p>

  <p>The Cultivation Realm’s people were very sensitive when it came to special qi. Astral qi was one with very overbearing strength. If Li Chuchen felt even a hint of astral qi in Zhao Hai, then Zhao Hai would certainly have bad days ahead.</p>

  <p>After resting the entire night, Zhao Hai ate his breakfast the next morning before leaving the Space along with Margaret. Then the two returned to their room in the Ashley Family building.</p>

  <p>Just as they returned, Cadjo sent for someone to call them over. Upon entering Cadjo’s office, the two couldn’t help but stare. There were only three other people inside, Cadjo, Luke, and Desbarres. However, their eyes were very red. They looked like they hadn’t slept since last night.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the appearance of the three as he confusedly asked, “General Manager, Camp Lord, what happened? You didn’t sleep last night?”</p>

  <p>Cadjo looked at Zhao Hai, then he suddenly laughed as he said, “Little Hai, sit, sit. Hahaha. You really did great this time. Hahaha. You’re famous now. There’s nobody in the Machine Field who doesn’t know your name.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked puzzled at what Cadjo said, he couldn’t understand what was going on. From the time he slept last night up until now, he didn’t access the internet, the same was true for Laura and the others. Because of this, he didn’t know anything that happened online.</p>

  <p>After Cadjo had Zhao Hai sit down, he said, “Last night, someone uploaded a video of your battle with Li Chuchen to the internet. This caused a sensation online. Everyone is talking about you saying that you are a hero of the Machine Field.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said, “They’re exaggerating. I just blocked three swords from Li Chuchen. Cultivators have far more means than we can imagine. If we really fought each other, then I can’t guarantee if I can win against him.”</p>

  <p>Cadjo waved his hand and said, “It’s useless. The moment you blocked Li Chuchen’s three swords and won the duel, you’ve already become a hero. Besides you, nobody can do something like that at the same&#160; level. Not to say all three swords, they wouldn’t even be able to block one.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said, “I know, but I can’t get anything out of this fame. Being famous isn’t that big of a deal.”</p>

  <p>Cadjo looked at Zhao Hai as he shook his head and said, “You idiot. This doesn’t benefit you directly. But this is a huge advantage for the Ashley Family. You’re now like a living billboard of the family.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled bitterly, then he waved his hand and said, “Alright. But I don’t want to participate in those parties anymore. If anyone wants to invite me to a party, please tell them that I’m busy. I’ll leave everything else to the family.”</p>

  <p>Cadjo looked at Zhao Hai and couldn’t help but shake his head and smile bitterly. He didn’t know what else to say. However, Desbarres smiled and said, “Alright, you also need to show yourself less. People would surely come over to challenge you so that they could elevate their own fame. So before the Six Realm Beginner Competition begins, you need to be in seclusion.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knit his brows and said, “Camp Lord, didn’t&#160; you say that other participants aren’t allowed to challenge anyone before the Six Realm Beginner Competition? Then why would I need to close up?”&#160;</p>

  <p>Desbarres smiled faintly and said, “Of course, no other participant would want to challenge you. However, this news wouldn’t only spread in the Machine Field. What if some Cultivators come here and challenge you? What do you do now? It’s better for you to close up immediately.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, then I’ll close up. But I already promised Brother Xiong Li and the others to drink. If they come to see me, just have them go to my room.” Desbarres nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll take care of it. Don’t worry.” Zhao Hai nodded before leading Margaret back to his room.</p>

  <p>When the two returned to their room, Margaret immediately opened up her computer and went to a video website. And just as she opened the site, she saw the huge headline, “Newly crowned Machine Field Champion Zhao Hai fighting against the Cultivation Realm’s Top Ten!” The headline linked to the video. Margaret went to the link and then saw a video viewed billions of times, and that number was still going up.</p>

  <p>Margaret couldn’t help but giggle as she turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, it seems like you’re very famous now.”&#160;</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai just smiled faintly as he watched the video. The footage was clearly taken by someone who attended the party. The quality of the video wasn’t good, but it was because of this that it was more authentic.</p>

  <p>And even if the quality wasn’t good, it had shown everything that happened. It even managed to record every word they spoke.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked further down on the page and saw that there were comments below.</p>

  <p>First comment: Beautiful, fantastic! Our Machine Field finally managed to face a Cultivator and win. Support! Supporting Zhao Hai! The pride of the Machine Field!</p>

  <p>Second comment: I support the first comment! Support Zhao Hai! The pride of the Machine Field!</p>

  <p>Third comment: I didn’t expect our Mages to face a Cultivator. Powerful, too powerful. Why didn’t anybody do this before? It’s too strange!</p>

  <p>Fourth comment: The commenter above isn’t a Mage, so he doesn’t know that Zhao Hai is far more powerful than most level 4 Mages. In the machine field, as long as one could use 100-layer formations, then they would be level 4. Casting 100-layer formations instantaneously is something that cannot be done by any other Mage. Zhao Hai is just too powerful!</p>

  <p>Fifth comment: Don’t get your hopes up. Zhao Hai only managed to block against the enemy’s three attacks. Moreover, Cultivators have a lot of magic treasures. Those three swords isn’t their only means to attack. Moreover, Zhao Hai is going full defense. It isn’t unusual for him to block three swords.</p>

  <p>Sixth comment: The fifth comment is talking fart. Even a plant could see everything clearly. Although Zhao Hai is on the defensive, it’s clear that he wasn’t in distress. His clothes aren’t even ruffled nor did he take a step back. This shows that Zhao Hai still has more strength than this. His strength should be on par with Li Chuchen. Fifth comment, if you don’t know anything, then keep your mouth shut!</p>
</body>
</html>