<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1086: Special Robot Store</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the two things he received. One looked like a card that you use in hotels, it also had a room number on it. The other one was a metal plate that had a small magic circle. It wasn’t very heavy and looked much like an ornament. However, Zhao Hai knew that the magic formation was more than just a decoration.</p>

  <p>He deposited the two items in the Space before expressing his gratitude to Margaret. Margaret nodded and said, “I hope that you can live up to our expectations, don’t waste the camp leader’s efforts. I’ve already taught you everything I can. What you need to do now is to learn the Void Condensing Formation technique. Your further development will depend on your efforts. After you go back, you can look at how others layer their magic formations. However, don’t waste your time mimicking their style. You need to pave your own road. Understand?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “Instructor, feel relieved. I know what to do.” Margaret nodded, then she left the room.</p>

  <p>Seeing Margaret leave, Zhao Hai’s brows couldn’t help but wrinkle. He didn’t expect to be on someone’s sights this quickly. Moreover, now that he entered the struggle of the Machine Field, it seems like withdrawing was impossible.</p>

  <p>Although it can be seen that Margaret wasn’t forcing Zhao Hai to join the Bone Symbol Camp after he graduates, there was a veiled threat in between her words. Margaret told him that this Ascender Academy was under the Bone Symbol Camp’s control, and it seems like they can dictate where someone can go after they graduate. Also, since they can take the surveillance device away, this also meant that the Bone Symbol Camp had formidable control in this academy. If he didn’t join the Bone Symbol Camp, then he might not have a very good future.</p>

  <p>Internal struggles exist everywhere, the Machine Field wasn’t exempted. The Wind God Palace wouldn’t dare deal with the Ashley Family. However, if Zhao Hai joins the other powers, then the Ashley Family might not mind killing him.</p>

  <p>The reason Zhao Hai had this thought was because he had been showing shocking talent in these past couple of days. Studying magical runes would take others months to memorize, but he only did it in two days. Others might start to practice the Void Condensing Formation Technique by the time they graduate, but Zhao Hai was doing it right now. These caused powerful groups to take notice of him, especially the Ashley Family.</p>

  <p>Other powers might not be aware of Zhao Hai’s talents, but the Ashley family was clearly aware of it because of Margaret. If Zhao Hai doesn’t join the Ashley family, then the family definitely wouldn’t allow him to join other powers. In the eyes of the Ashley Family, Zhao Hai was someone who has a good chance of being a powerful expert. Letting this person join a group other than them would be impossible.</p>

  <p>Because of this, Zhao Hai could only join the Ashley family. However, Zhao Hai doesn’t object to joining the family. What he needed to do now was to understand the Bone Symbol Camp’s situation.</p>

  <p>Moreover, Zhao Hai needed to have the old Mages join the Bone Symbol Camp as well. This was for self preservation. With the old Mages together with him, his future would be more secure.</p>

  <p>The Machine Field was a strange new place. Being in a group was definitely much better than being all alone.</p>

  <p>With this thought in mind, Zhao Hai stood up. He was preparing to head to the shops in order to see whether there were any anti-surveillance devices. If there were any, he was prepared to buy one.</p>

  <p>This didn’t mean that he didn’t trust Margaret’s words. Since Margaret said that they had removed all of the surveillance equipment, then those should have already been removed. This was the Ashley family’s way of showing their sincerity.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai wanted to buy anti-surveillance equipment not because of the Ashley family, but because of the other powers. The Ashely family’s intent of stopping any surveillance on him wasn’t necessarily shared by the other powers. At the very least, Zhao Hai wanted to be assured.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai had always been a careful person. And since he was in a strange new environment, ne needed to be extra careful. Margaret’s words weren’t enough to make him feel relieved.</p>

  <p>When he thought of this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sigh. He really wished to ascend without any problems so that he could bring his wives to explore new places. But now it seems like this would be impossible. The struggles of the upper realm wasn’t any better than the lower realm.</p>

  <p>Bringing Tinkle along, Zhao Hai went to the elevator and headed towards the shops. After looking through the shops, he was finally able to spot the place he wanted to find, a special robot store.</p>

  <p>Gu Mingyue recommended Zhao Hai to look for this shop in order to remove any surveillance devices installed inside Tinkle. Zhao Hai had always kept this suggestion in mind.</p>

  <p>Although Gu Mingyue wasn’t an upper level staff in the academy, he still had some information that only people from lower-levels knew. Because of this, he can tell Zhao Hai about these special robot stores.</p>

  <p>&#160;Zhao Hai inspected the shop. It looked just like any other shop, it didn’t have any special qualities. If not for Gu Mingyue, Zhao Hai wouldn’t have paid attention to this place.</p>

  <p>After seeing nothing special, Zhao Hai brought Tinkle inside. Just as he entered the store, a robot immediately welcomed him. This robot wasn’t an advanced one and it had the same appearance as Tinkle. However, Zhao Hai was surprised since this robot didn’t have any clanking sounds that Tinkle always had.</p>

  <p>When the robot arrived in front of Zhao Hai, it gave a bow and said, “Mister, welcome. Is there something we can help you with?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, then he smiled faintly and said, “I want to modify my robot butler. Can you do that?”</p>

  <p>The robot immediately said, “Of course. Please come with me.” Then it gestured towards Zhao Hai. The robot’s movements weren’t stiff at all. Moreover, it can give answers very quickly. At the same time, it didn’t seem to have programmed responses. This caused Zhao Hai to be more curious about this shop.</p>

  <p>From outside the shop, you can see ordinary robot parts and electronics. It looked like any other shop of its kind. But as the robot lead Zhao Hai further in, things began to become different. Behind the shop was a repair station with a lot of old robot components piled up. A person was sitting on the pile while manipulating a robot placed in front of him.</p>

  <p>As Zhao Hai entered the room with the robot, the robot suddenly said, “Hey, sober up. This gentleman here wants to modify his robot butler.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing the robot, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but gawk. The robot was actually speaking like a human. It seems like this was the setting the robot was given. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but feel interested about this person.</p>

  <p>The man turned his head towards Zhao Hai. Seeing the person’s face, Zhao Hai stared for a moment. His age didn’t seem to be high, maybe around 30 years old. His face was a bit pale and he had ordinary work clothes on. He looked very ordinary aside from his fiery eyes.</p>

  <p>The man looked at Zhao Hai and quickly gave his greetings as he said, “Mister, you want to modify your robot butler?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I just ascended from the lower realms and the academy gave me this robot butler. So I’m here to modify it.”</p>

  <p>When he heard Zhao Hai, the man’s eyes turned bright before he said, “Since the robot is given by the academy, then it should be fine. Why do you want to modify it?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I just want a robot butler that is completely loyal to me. Do you understand what I’m saying?”</p>

  <p>The man’s eyes turned brighter, he nodded and said, “It seems like you’ve been introduced by a friend. I know what you want. What else do you require?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai said, “I want it to help me scan my room for any surveillance device. I’m someone who doesn’t want to be monitored.”</p>

  <p>The man nodded, then he held his wrist computer out and typed some things out as he said, “Go on, say all of your requests in one go.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Make him more advanced, not easily damaged, and store more energy so that it wouldn’t need to charge every day. It would be best for it to last a long time. I also want it to know some knowledge about the Machine Field’s machinery. And that doesn’t mean just robot repair, I want it to know how to tinker with other things. Naturally, since it is a robot butler, I don’t need it to fight. Instead, make sure that it can attend to my everyday needs.”</p>

  <p>After the man recorded everything, he looked at the list and couldn’t help but knit his brows. Then he said, “Let me tell you the truth. I can certainly do all of this, but I think that it would be a waste. If you want all of these functions, then you could just buy a more advanced robot. Not only can advanced robots meet your requirements, they can do it much better than this one. Do you want to change your request?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared for a moment before he nodded as he said, “Since that is the case, then I’ll do what you say.” Then he gestured to Tinkle and said, “Just make sure that it doesn’t have any sounds whenever it moves. Also, make its battery last longer. As for the advanced robot, I’ll take whatever Mister recommends me. As long as it meets my requirements, then its fine. But it needs to be able to connect to the network at any time.”</p>

  <p>The man smiled and said, “No problem. Being connected to the network is the most basic function that everyone wants, so there’s no need to worry about that. Making your robot butler silent and last longer is very simple. You can leave him to me right now and come back after an hour or so. You can take a stroll around the shop to kill time. As for your new robot, It would take me three days to make it match your requests.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai thought for a moment and then said, “Alright, I’ll leave Tinkle to you first. Do I go outside to choose my advanced robot?”</p>

  <p>The man replied, “What’s outside are ordinary goods, they’re no good. If you trust me, I can choose for you. I have some robots I assembled myself. Although their functions are inferior to those bought outside, I can guarantee that they are more easy to use. Moreover, they are made out of better materials.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai faintly smiled and said, “Since you’re recommended by a friend, I’ll trust Mister’s choice.”</p>

  <p>The man gave Zhao Hai a look before he laughed and said, “You’re an interesting fellow, I like you. And don’t call me Mister. My name is Qi Yi. You can call me Ah Yi.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “So it is Manager Qi Yi. You have an interesting name. Then I’ll be calling you Ah Yi from now on. Ah Yi, let’s go see the robots you recommend.”</p>

  <p>Qi Yi smiled and said, “Okay. Right, what’s your name. You still haven’t told me.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai quickly replied, “Right, right. I forgot to introduce myself. I’m called Zhao Hai. You can also call me Ah Hai.”</p>

  <p>Qi Yi smiles and said, “Good, let’s go see my robots. Also, who told you to come see me?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “It’s Mister Gu Mingyue. He’s a reception staff. We got along well, so he told me about your shop and to make sure to come visit in order to modify Tinkle. Since someone from the academy told me that the surveillance on my robot was removed, I decided to come here since I’m not an expert in robots.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Qi Yi stared for a moment before his eyes shone. Then he replied, “Oh, if that’s the case, then there’s no problem. If that’s what they said, then it means that you’re a genius, you can rest assured. If they said that the surveillance has been removed, then nobody in the academy will be monitoring you. If they removed their surveillance on you and other parties still dared to look into your actions, then this only means that the other party is being hostile. This will most likely cause a conflict. I reckon that only a few people would dare take such a risk.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai replied, “Is that so? I really didn’t know. It seems like coming over to you was the correct decision. Right, how about having dinner with me? I also have some friends from the academy, I hope we can share a few cups together.”</p>

  <p>Qi Yi looked at Zhao Hai and said, “How long have you been in the academy? You already made a few friends? Alright, that’s not an issue. Come over at night, I’ll be waiting.” As he said that, the two arrived at a door. Qi Yi put his hand on the door before it opened. Then the two proceeded to enter a room.</p>

  <p>This room was about a hundred square meters, it wasn’t small at all. Inside the room was a huge display of robots. These robots were all humanoid. They don’t look beautiful, but all of them were very clean and well polished.</p>
</body>
</html>