<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 399: Waiting</h3>

  <p>Upon listening to Zhao Hai, Laura and the others laughed. They knew that Zhao Hai was just talking casually and didn’t express that he had any interest in Ruyen. Just like what Zhao Hai told them before, Ruyen wasn’t worth Zhao Hai’s attention.</p>

  <p>However, Laura asked, “Who did Uncle Evan send to get her? We still need to take care of her well-being, she should arrive in perfect condition. If anything happens to her, it wouldn’t be good for us.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “It’ll be fine. I will send some Blood Hawks to follow her. If there’s anything wrong, we can immediately help.”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled, “I think there’s no need for Elder Brother Hai to go, we can just send the Swordfish. Swordfish ships were even used to escort the emperor, I think there won’t be any problems with it. This way we can sort of help with their situation. Having blood hawks carry your ghost staff around is very inconvenient for us. What do you think?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai agreed, “This is a good idea. We have a lot of ships in our hands, and some of them would be rarely used. It should be a good idea to use them this time around.”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and said, “If you send that many ships, the Aksu Empire would get nervous. They might think that a princess from Rosen Empire had come to visit Aksu Empire.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh, they couldn’t blame him. Currently, he has 11 three masted ships and 4 five-masted ships on hand. This number is too astonishing.</p>

  <p>Although the three-masted battleships were only the most common type, they were still battleships. Also, the five-masted ironclad merchant ships aren’t easily bought and used by just anyone.</p>

  <p>The cost of iron armor is too high, moreover they needed to be serviced every year. It was the same scenario if they underwent a battle, they would have to be serviced again. Because of this, no average person can take care of these ironclad ships. Even if you didn’t use your ship, the maintenance cost of the ship was still very high.</p>

  <p>Therefore, most five-masted ironclad ships are in the possessions of Great Families. Even Zhao Hai’s Haven ship once belonged to a Great Family in Ocean Waves Dynasty before it changed hands.</p>

  <p>If he sent all these ships to escort Ruyen, the Aksu Empire would certainly think that a princess had just come for a visit, and this is not an exaggeration.</p>

  <p>After speaking of this, Zhao Hai immediately called over a blood hawk and released it to find Ruyen’s ship. The hawk was very fast, they didn’t need to wait for the evening to find Ruyen’s vessel.</p>

  <p>Although Ruyen rode on a ship, the vessel was just an ordinary three-masted cargo ship. It didn’t have any special features. Aside from Ruyen, there were also some guards and servants that came along to meet her. When Zhao Hai looked closely, he could notice some Purcell Family elders that were 8th rank, all of them were warriors.</p>

  <p>Such strength wasn’t bad, 8th ranks were already considered to be experts on the continent. Only an anomaly like Zhao Hai would consider them as subpar.</p>

  <p>Now that they spotted Ruyen, Zhao Hai didn’t make his move immediately. He would wait until dark before he’ll release the Swordfish to catch up to Ruyen’s ship so nobody would notice.</p>

  <p>Seeing that it was already late, Zhao Hai and the others came out of the Space. Not long after Zhao Hai went out, Charlie also came out of his room looking very well rested.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai immediately had the some chairs brought to the deck. The group sat on down and chatted with each other while enjoying the seascape. At the same time, they also ate dinner.</p>

  <p>After having their dinner, Charlie returned to his room to rest. Zhao Hai also returned to his room, and since it was currently dark, he needed to find an appropriate time to release the Swordfish that would escort Ruyen.</p>

  <p>Since the skies were still turning dark, Zhao Hai didn’t hurry. He observed the situation on Ruyen’s ship. It may have been because of her recent experiences, but Ruyen had become more mature. Her change was too noticeable that the servants who came for her immediately felt it. She is much quieter than before, she also became more considerate. She was very polite to the servants, which made them quite flattered.</p>

  <p>But Zhao Hai didn’t care about these changes, he only cared about Ruyen’s security. As long as Ruyen didn’t suffer an accident, then all is good.</p>

  <p>After the skies turned pitch black, Zhao Hai looked for an area not too far from Ruyen’s ship and released the Swordfish.</p>

  <p>He also called out a blood hawk and sent it towards Purcell Duchy. In a few days, Laura’s people would arrive and they needed to be transported using the ghost staff.</p>

  <p>After doing all of these, Zhao Hai didn’t know what else to do. Even if it was already dark, he didn’t have the urge to sleep, this applied to Laura and the others as well. This was because they were waiting for the sun to rise in the morning, by then the detoxification potion would be finished.</p>

  <p>While thinking of these, the group just sat on the living room and looked at each other. They couldn’t help but laugh.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai opened his mouth, “We shouldn’t be waiting for the result in here. Let’s go to our rooms and rest. When we wake up tomorrow morning, the detoxification potion should be finished.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded and stood up, “We cannot just sit here the entire evening, we need to rest. Also, Brother Hai, when you consume the potion tomorrow, you should call Grandpa Green’s group over, otherwise they wouldn’t forgive you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, he knew that Laura was speaking the truth. If he didn’t call Green and the others over, they would certainly complain to him for their entire lifetime.</p>

  <p>The group returned to their respective rooms and the Space became peaceful. Zhao Hai was lying on his bed and thinking about all of what happened when he arrived at Ark Continent. Before long, he fell asleep.</p>

  <p>…</p>

  <p>For who knows how long, Zhao Hai suddenly woke up. He looked out of the window and saw a bright sky.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai went out of his room and turned the monitor on. The outside sky was also bright, but not that much, it seems like it was still very early morning.</p>

  <p>He immediately went outside and walked towards the Processing Factory. Surprisingly, Shun was already standing there, looking at the digits that were constantly changing. It was obvious that the potion was still not ready.</p>

  <p>Seeing Zhao Hai arrive, Shun immediately bowed and said, “Young Master.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai showed a faint smile and asked, “You didn’t rest?” He looked at the digits that showed 2 hours.</p>

  <p>With an embarrassed face, Shun replied, “I couldn’t fall asleep, so I came out to have a look. I hope I didn’t disturb young masters rest.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head with a smile. At this time, footsteps could be heard. Zhao Hai turned his head to see Laura and the others approaching. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile upon looking at their appearance. Laura and Meg also smiled towards Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai chuckled and said, “Well, we still have two hours. Let’s go to Iron Mountain Fort and wake up Grandpa Green and the others.” The group nodded and with a thought, Zhao Hai moved them to Iron Mountain Fort.</p>

  <p>Upon arriving at the fort’s living room, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare. Aside from Green and the two elders, Karen was also present. Seeing Zhao Hai and the others arrive, Karen stared before he opened his mouth, “Why did you just arrive now? We had been waiting for the whole evening.” [1]</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the group and smiled, “It’s nothing, I just went to bed. I just happen to wake up early today. Grandma Merine, please whip up something to eat. After breakfast, we’ll head back to the Space.”</p>

  <p>Merine nodded with a smile on her face. Then she called Meg and Laura over to the kitchen. Laura was currently studying how to prepare food. Even though she had no talent, and the food that she made were mostly inedible, she still studied diligently.</p>

  <p>Looking at Merine and the others preparing the food, Zhao Hai turned to Green and said, “Grandpa Green, how is the beer’s progress doing?”</p>

  <p>Green smiled and said, “The time is too short. The liquor needs to be fermented for a while. This time, we did a few experiments to find out which materials are useful. We tried bamboo rice, barley, bread fruit, spatial water, ordinary water, cold water, as well as warm water. I believe there should be at least one of those that will succeed.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled, “That’s good. As long as we succeed, then it’s fine. Also, what container do you plan on storing the beer in? We should make sure to seal the beer properly, otherwise we would only be selling low quality beer.”</p>

  <p>Little Jin wasn’t present at this time. Because of the transmission point on Ape Island, Zhao Hai would know what Little Jin was doing.</p>

  <p>Green replied, “Rest assured, we will not have any issues with this. At first, we wanted to use a wooden barrel but there seems to be some issues with the lid. Now we’re currently finding ways to improve it, you don’t have to worry.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then sighed,. “As long as we make this beer properly, it could certainly be our Buda Clan’s biggest source of income . The future demand for this thing wouldn’t be any less than that of grain.”</p>

  <p>Karen looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Are you really sure? I’ve tasted that thing, it is too acidic, not really tasty.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly, “When the beer ferments properly, you’ll be convinced. There are only a few people who could resist the temptation of beer.”</p>

  <p>After the group chatted for a while, Merine brought the dishes. Zhao Hia and the others immediately went to the dining hall. Upon finishing their breakfast, they went to the Space and gathered around the Processing Factory.</p>

  <p>In the Multipurpose Processing Machine, the digits shown had become 20 minutes. The group couldn’t sit well inside the villa, so they just stood inside the Processing Factory and waited, they waited for the countdown to reach zero.</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">* * *</p>

  <p>Laura’s father</p>
</body>
</html>