<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 472: Savage Wolf and a Malnourished Horse</h3>

  <p>Afraid that people may hear them in the courtyard, Zhao Hai immediately relocated their practice into the Space. Laura and the others were very excited, this was a new and odd style.</p>

  <p>The day slowly passed as they practiced non-stop. However, their efforts weren’t wasted. Now, when Zhao Hai sang, Laura and the others can already keep up with their tunes.</p>

  <p>When the skies slowly turned dark, the group started to groom themselves. In the banquets that Zhao Hai attended in the past few days, aside from Jason’s banquet, Zhao Hai didn’t bring Laura and the others, only Megan. He was afraid the Megan would get shamed if he were to bring his other fiances.</p>

  <p>One must know that noble women were not so polite. Megan was always placed beside Lizzy, being one of the Twin Flowers of the Capital. Because of this, there were a lot of women who were very jealous of her. If Zhao Hai brought Laura and the others to the banquets, those women might act on Laura and the others in order to embarrass Megan. Zhao Hai didn’t want such a matter to happen, so when he went to such banquets, he didn’t bring Laura and the others.</p>

  <p>Naturally, Zhao Hai not bringing them doesn’t mean that he left them behind in the Calci Family. Laura and the others were inside the Space whenever he went out, not accompanying Zhao Hai while at the same time not appearing in the banquet.</p>

  <p>But in today’s banquet, all of them were going to appear together. Zhao Hai had no choice, it was clear that Terry wanted him to bring Laura and the others along so that Zhao Hai can lose face in front of them as well.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai still used his bull-pulled carriage. His carriage may look good elsewhere, but not here. This was the Rosen Empire’s Capital, in here, Zhao Hai’s carriage was quite common.</p>

  <p>However, it doesn’t matter if his carriage looked good or bad, it was still Zhao Hai’s own carriage. He was already very used to sitting on this one, being uncomfortable on other carriages would be no good.</p>

  <p>The carriage slowly headed to the Robert Family’s castle. The Robert Family’s castle was a short distance away from the Calci Family. If one were to walk, it would take four hours; two hours if you walk fast.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai left, he let the carriage slowly head forward while he went to the Space to observe the situation outside. At the same time, he was also preparing their action tonight.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai cannot personally take charge of tonight’s operation, so he can only delegate the task over to Cai’er, making her take charge of Zhao Hai’s Advanced Level Undead. Since these undead were created by the Space, there was no problem in transferring their control over to someone else.</p>

  <p>In fact, there was no need to take command on all these undead. Zhao Hai had already found all of the Robert Family’s shops. He can just transfer a group over to finish the job quickly before withdrawing. If a problem arises, Zhao Wen and Cai’er can just support them anytime. Zhao Hai’s plan was to finish everything in one hour, after that period, everyone must retreat. Moreover, they should make their actions as silent as possible, not making any large commotions.</p>

  <p>As for those vassal nobles of the Robert Family, Zhao Hai decided to not include them in his plans. In the end, those nobles are nobles of the Rosen Empire. If he decides to touch them, he might incur the anger of the whole empire’s nobles. When that happens, their gains wouldn’t justify their losses. One must know that the collective strength of Rosen Empire’s nobles was very strong.</p>

  <p>To further ensure the success of the operation, Zhao Hai went to Iron Mountain Fort to ask Green and Kun to supervise. With them and Cai’er er taking charge of the undead, there was no way for this plan to fail.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai had to ensure this plan’s success. He had to get rid of all the family’s shops without leaving anybody alive. This was to make sure that nobody finds out that the shops were attacked by the undead, leaving the Robert Family with no way to suspect Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>After discussing everything with Green and Kun, the two elders couldn’t help but stare strangely at Zhao Hai. They didn’t believe that Zhao Hai could really sing. Seeing the look on their faces, Zhao Hai knew that they were thinking about him wanting to sing. This made him smile bitterly, how can his singing become a wonder in this world? If all those who loved karaoke in Earth were to be transported to the continent, their numbers would be enough to establish an independent country.</p>

  <p>Green looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, can you really sing? Is it a good idea for you to sing?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I can sing a little. I don’t know any other thing aside from singing. There was no way for me to practice an instrument in one or two days. If Terry really wanted to embarrass me tonight, then I have no choice but to sing.”</p>

  <p>Green smiled and said, “I really didn’t expect that Young Master can actually sing. Haha, good. Right, I must talk with Merine later. When Young Master comes next time, we’ll have you study an instrument as well as work on your dancing.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai felt quite down, he wasn’t really interested in those things. If they really wanted him to learn, then he didn’t know whether he can last very long.</p>

  <p>Kun agreed as he nodded, “You should study, study. A noble that can’t dance is quite a loss of face. Hmm, I think it would be better if we have Laura and the others teach him.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Kun’s suggestion, Zhao Hai’s eyes couldn’t help but turn bright. Although Zhao Hai was very polite and really loved Laura and the others, this didn’t mean that he didn’t have any thoughts about them. In the past, his health wasn’t very good, but now, he was already very healthy. He’s an 8th rank expert, he can kill an elephant in one, naturally, his basic instincts were much stronger as well.</p>

  <p>But since he didn’t want to destroy Laura and the others’ impression of him, he didn’t make any excessive actions. Ark Continent wasn’t the same as Earth. On Earth, if you were with a girl and didn’t make any moves after several days of dating, people would judge you as incompetent. But Zhao Hai was in the Ark Continent now, if one was too anxious, then they wouldn’t have any good reputation among the people.</p>

  <p>Because of this, Zhao Hai did his best to practice self-control. He tried his best to suppress these evil thoughts.</p>

  <p>At this time, the bull-pulled carriage had already arrived at the base of the Robert Family’s hill. The emblem of the Robert Family was a wolf with only one eye. Their family’s badge was named the Savage Wolf emblem.</p>

  <p>Everybody knows that a savage beast is the most difficult one to fight. This was because a savage &#160;beast was more ruthless. The Robert Family choosing this emblem has this reason behind it.[1]</p>

  <p>Savage &#160;Wolf, Savage &#160;Wolf Fort, Savage &#160;Wolf emblem, all of these symbolize the Robert Family. Moreover, Zhao Hai had also heard that the Robert Family ancestors always advocated their descendants act as thought they were savage &#160;wolves at all times.</p>

  <p>Savage &#160;wolves are ferocious, but they were sly as well. Someone who had that temperament was very scary. And each and every one of the Robert Family members practice this kind of mindset. Even if generations of the Robert Family had good relations with the Calci family, the two families were always on guard against each other.</p>

  <p>And you have to realize that with the Robert Family always acting like sly wolves, they were still able to arrive at their current height today.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai’s carriage arrived at the foot of the hill, he was greeted by the servant in charge of the roadblock and upon inspecting the invitation, allowed Zhao Hai passage. The styles of the castles around Carson City were really similar, there were no special trait to any of them.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knew that people from the Ark Continent didn’t like to pursue beauty, they were leaning towards having things that are practical. Looking at the long history of the continent, Zhao Hai knew that humans aren’t the only people waging wars with each other, there were also battles between humans and Magic Beasts. Now that the human population in the continent was increasing, the population of Magic Beasts in the mountains was increasing as well. When humans start to expand their territories again, they would be getting in contact with those Magic Beasts, which would lead to war. And in wars, beautiful castles have no use, thus, practical structures were deemed more important.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai looked at the Calci Family’s fort before, he saw that the castle was constructed quite well, it was well suited for battles. Moreover, after years of modifications and additions, this type of has reached its peak potential, making it the most suitable place for the humans to fight in. This was the reason why forts looked very much the same, they were already designed to have the most effective defensive and offensive capabilities.</p>

  <p>The bull-pulled carriage slowly arrived at the front door of the Savage Wolf Fort. There, two servants were present to greet the guests. Seeing Zhao Hai’s carriage, the two servants surprisingly didn’t come forward. But Zhao Hai didn’t care, when he disembarked along with Laura and the others, only then did the two servants give a bow, “We welcome Count Zhao Hai.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, he had attended a lot of these banquets, there weren’t a lot of people who call him by his title, most of them referred to him as ‘Mister Zhao Hai’.</p>

  <p>But Zhao Hai recovered quickly, he knew that this was a ruse that Terry had planned. Terry wanted to borrow his title to embarrass him, reminding Zhao Hai frequently that he was only a count, so there was no reason for him to be proud.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s eyes flashed a cold light, but he didn’t say anything. Now is not the time to cause a scene, he needed to endure. So instead of being angry, he decided to behave, the more behaved and calm he was, the more Terry would get annoyed. Because of this, Zhao Hai just smiled faintly at the servant and said, “Thank you.”</p>

  <p>The servants certainly didn’t expect Zhao Hai to have that response, they stared slightly before one of said, “We invite Sir Count.” Then he lead Zhao Hai towards the castle.</p>

  <p>There was a carriage waiting for Zhao Hai and the others inside, but evidently, this was in a way worse situation than what was normally used. This carriage was very small, the horse pulling it was also very malnourished.</p>

  <p>When Megan and the other women saw this, they looked very angry. Megan was about to reprimand the servant before Zhao Hai stopped her. He just smiled faintly and got on the carriage.</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">* * *</p>

  <p>The character used in this one is 残 which has both the meanings of savage &#160;and injured.</p>
</body>
</html>