<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 948: Different Ways of Ascending</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai returned to his room. Laura and the others were looking at him with smiles. Although they were fighting with the Gemini and Aquarius Divines, the situation was already under Lizzy and Megan’s control. Because of this, they were able to relax.</p>

  <p>When Laura saw Zhao Hai she immediately said, “Brother Hai, very well done. I didn’t expect that this matter would be solved this quickly. I must admit, Shan is very good. In the critical moment, he was able to make a firm decision.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “That fellow is indeed very good. Alright, there’s no need to manage them. We need to focus on our next step. First we need to deal with the Gemini and Aquarius Divines. Also, make sure to get the Aquarius Continent’s potion formulas. They might prove useful someday.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy nodded. Then Zhao Hai continued, “Second is to lead the O’Neal family to the Winged Pegasus. I expect the migration to not be smooth. We’ll need to use the O’Neal family to whip them.”</p>

  <p>Laura and the other stared. Laura looked confused at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, are you sure? Will they still dare? Didn’t the Winged Pegasus agree?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai sneered and said, “Agree? It was because they were afraid. Most of the Winged Pegasus members are still reluctant to relocate. Do you really think that Jinsong would be able to convince them? To the Winged Pegasus, Jinsong is an outsider, he wouldn’t be able control them. At the same time, Shan is too inexperienced. If the Winged Pegasus decided to drag on, then that wouldn’t be good. Me being able to force the Supreme Elders back only added to the Winged Pegasus clan’s dissatisfaction. They think that I always had the ability to save them but I just decided not to. They certainly hate me more now. If you don’t whip those kinds people, then they will not believe you.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy and Megan nodded. Commanding troops were their job, so luring the O’Neal family would also be left to them.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai continued, “Third, we need to support the foreign races. The Supreme Elders wouldn’t be polite to the foreign races. We will use this opportunity to get the Divine Race’s combat suits. As for the foreign Supreme Elders, we will need to find a way to get theirs.”</p>

  <p>The group nodded. But as for the third one, Lizzy and Megan didn’t have anything to do about it. They were tasked to direct the army, as for the Supreme Elders, that was for Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>At this time, Laura opened her mouth and said, “Brother Hai, since we have time, why don’t we combine the Seven Star Heaven Lock and the Hell King’s ship. This way, the ship would be stronger. Then we would be more relaxed when dealing with Elder Star.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “Right, I forgot. But let’s place the Seven Star Heaven Lock in the Space first. Let’s see if a prompt would appear.”</p>

  <p>Then Zhao Hai waved his hand, taking the Seven Star Heaven Lock from the warehouse to the Space. But much to Zhao Hai’s surprise, there was no prompt. This caused him to feel awkward.</p>

  <p>After that, Zhao Hai decided to run the formation through the Universal Scanner.</p>

  <p>When the entire procedure was finished, the scanner issued a sound, “Seven Star Heaven Lock disks detected. Asking for permission to proceed. Will need 100 thousand gold coins to continue the analysis.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t know whether to laugh or cry, then he turned to Laura and said, “You always said that I would die for money. Look, it seems like I really would.”</p>

  <p>Laura and the others laughed. Then Zhao Hai said, “Immediately start analyzing.” A hundred thousand gold coins immediately vanished from Zhao Hai’s stockpile. Before long, the scanner spewed out some words, “Analysis completed. Seven Star Heaven Lock disks detected. Item is unique to the Cultivation Realms. Grade, low. Materials used are, gold essence, silver essence, soul stone. Proportions are 1 to 3 to 0.5. Forging method used is a common method of the Cultivation World, which contains forty-nine sets of arrays. Arrays used respectively are, magnifying array, reduction array……”</p>

  <p>“Asking the host for permission to extract the Seven Star Heaven Lock’s abilities. Minerals required are present inside the Space, but are not enough. If Host want to proceed, 10 million gold coins are required. If Host wants to extract the formation, 1 million gold coins are required.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled bitterly, then he turned to Laura and the others. The women understood Zhao Hai’s gaze, the Space was asking for money once more. After seeing Zhao Hai’s bitter smile, they couldn’t help but laugh again. Fortunately, they were a lot of saved money inside the Space. In addition to the mines in the Demon Realm, Ruyen was also doing great business in the Ark Space. Because of this, the Space wasn’t short on money.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai sighed and said, “Proceed.” After issuing this order, 11 million gold was immediately deducted.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai sighed, then with an intention, he sent the Hell King’s ship into the Space. As the ship entered the Space, a prompt was immediately heard, “Seven Star Heaven Lock disks may merge with the Hell King’s ship to increase the ship’s strength. The Hell King’s ship will acquire the ability to trap enemies. Asking Host for permission to proceed.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared for a moment, he thought that this action would cost money once more. However, it seems like the Space was doing this for free. Zhao Hai quickly felt happy as he quickly said, “Begin merging!”</p>

  <p>After issuing this order, the Seven Star Heaven Lock disks immediately flew towards the Hell King’s ship. In a flash, the disks and the ship met each other. The integration caused a bright light to emerge. When the light vanished, Zhao Hai observed the Hell King’s ship. On each side of the ship, four disks could be seen. These eight disks looked like wheels.</p>

  <p>Naturally, these disks were the Seven Star Heaven Lock disks. As the eight disks stood on each side of the Hell King’s ship, they kept on spinning. This caused the ship to have the feeling of being fast. It looked like it was there for a moment, then at another place in the next. An outsider wouldn’t be able to determine its specific position.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knew that this was due to the formation. With the addition of the formation disks, the Hell King’s ship looked even more mystical.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai made an intention in his mind, making the Hell King’s ship approach. However, they didn’t embark. They just stood outside and looked at the ship.</p>

  <p>In the past, the Hell King’s ship would give one the feeling of brilliance. But now, the ship had a ethereal aura. It fluttered in place as though it was a mirage.</p>

  <p>Laura’s eyes shone as she said, “Very good. It looks very nice.” Zhao Hai smiled faintly. At this time, the ship had already arrived in front of them.</p>

  <p>Laura and the others stood on the ship and looked around. However, they were left disappointed, there were no changes inside the ship.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Alright, don’t worry about it. Let’s go, we still need to carry out our plans. Lizzy, Megan, I will leave the Gemini and Aquarius Divines to you. Deal with them as soon as possible. Don’t forget about the potion formulas.”</p>

  <p>The two nodded before they turned around and left the room. After that, Zhao Hai turned to Laura and said, “We need to update Bingya and the others about the situation. They had been crazily cultivating these past few days.”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and said, “Right, if you didn’t say that, I would’ve forgotten about them. They didn’t come out when the Hell King’s ship was being modified. Will they have any problems?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai replied, “It’s fine, rest assured. They wouldn’t be able to hear any noises from outside. Just like how they didn’t hear what we said to Fei’er and the others.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded and said, “Right, we can’t let them know that. From what I can see, even if they are getting more and more loyal towards you, they are still very concerned about their families. If we let them know about our plan, then they might inform their clans and think that we are planning on doing bad things to them.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai sighed, “I feel like I have no choice. The Divine Realm’s 13 ultimate weapons would be a very big help to us if we gather them all.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded, then she went on to comfort Zhao Hai, “Brother Hai, don’t think too much about it. After we ascend, there would be a lot of enemies going after us. If we suffer any accidents, then everyone inside the Space would be gone.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai sighed and said, “Right, we cannot control the incoming danger. We just need to be extremely careful.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded, “Brother Hai, if you can choose where to ascend, would you pick the Atlanta Plane or the Underworld?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “If I could choose, then I would head to the Atlanta Plane. The Underworld is full of undead. Even if I ascend there, we wouldn’t be able to live well.”</p>

  <p>Laura agreed, “Then we need to know more about the O’Neal family. Right, Brother Hai, how about we ask the O’Neal family undead about any legends of ascension that they have.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, then he nodded and said, “Right, I forgot about this. Let’s go ask them right now.” Then he waved his hand as three undead magic armor pilots appeared in front of him. The three undead quickly bowed and said, “We have seen the Young Master.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai had met them before when he asked about the magic armors. So after Zhao Hai nodded, he immediately went straight to the point, “Have you heard any tales of ascension from the Atlanta Plane?”</p>

  <p>The three undead nodded. Zhao Hai’s mind shook as he pointed to an undead and said, “You, what tales have you heard?”</p>

  <p>The selected undead stepped forward and said, “Young Master, in the Atlanta Plane, tales of ascension are divided into three types. Each of the three continent have their own tales. In the Warrior Continent, I heard that after one practiced to a certain degree, then they would be able to use their battle qi to cut the firmament open before ascending. In the Mage Continent, the situation is similar. As long as a mage practices to a degree, they can rend the firmament in order to ascend. However, our Magic Armor Continent is somewhat special. We practice spiritual force and our method of ascending is different. If someone from the Magic Armor Continent wants to ascend, then we would have to rely on our magic armors. In the Magic Armor Continent, the clans keep a special type of magic armor. These magic armors are called Ascension Magic Armors. These magic armors aren’t the same as conventional magic armors. Their attacking strength is more powerful but are more difficult to operate. Whenever someone thinks that they could operate the magic armor, then they would have to apply to the families and be tested. Only those who passed the tests would be qualified to use those magic armors. Once they manage to successfully use the magic armor, then they can assault the heavens in order to ascend. I heard that even if one ascends, the Ascension Magic Armor would remain.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to the other two and said, “Do you have anything to add?”</p>

  <p>The other two shook their head. Then Zhao Hai waved his hand, putting those undead away.</p>

  <p>Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “It looks like we need to go to the Atlanta Plane. As for ascending, I’m afraid we would need to head to the Mage or Warrior Continents.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “That wouldn’t be easy. It seems like ascending would not be so simple. If we have time, we’ll have to go to the Atlanta Plane to take a look.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded, then suddenly she said, “Brother Hai, you could also head to the Magic Armor Continent and find a way to get your hands on these ascension magic armors. See if you can operate them. If you can, then you can just use them to ascend. What do you think?”</p>

  <p>When he heard this, Zhao Hai’s eyes shone, “That’s good as well. Good, then after we settle things here, we’ll go to the Magic Armor Continent and see if we can steal an ascension magic armor for ourselves.”</p>
</body>
</html>