<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 916: Don’t Offend A Dark Mage!</h3>

  <p>One couldn’t always do what one likes. There’s always a consequence in every action!</p>

  <p>This statement was in Zhao Hai’s mind at this time. He knew that he was in an irreconcilable situation with the Divine Race now. Even if he was willing to give up, the Divines wouldn’t let him off.</p>

  <p>To be honest, Zhao Hai didn’t care about murder. But after seeing the current state of the Divines, Zhao Hai was shaken.</p>

  <p>Laura and the others were able to understand Zhao Hai’s thoughts. Zhao Hai wasn’t a stone hearted person. Although he was indifferent towards the enemy, he would still have a soft heart for ordinary people.</p>

  <p>Because of this, Zhao Hai was sad regarding the current situation. Laura and the others didn’t say anything and just accompanied Zhao Hai. They wanted to let Zhao Hai feel that he wasn’t alone.</p>

  <p>At this time, Meg arrived with the side dishes and then placed them on the table. After taking a sip of his wine, Zhao Hai said, “Elder Star and the others have arrived. It seems like the Central Continent would start to calm down soon. Moreover, it seems like they really did have a plan to deal with us. We thought that they had a teleportation device but we were wrong. We still don’t know what method they had prepared for us.”</p>

  <p>Laura and the others slightly frowned. The appearance of the group of Supreme Elders meant that they had confidence and means in dealing with Zhao Hai. But what was their plan? It was still a mystery.</p>

  <p>Lizzy turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, aren’t we going to attack the Leo Continent? How about we go through with that plan? If we attack the Leo Continent, then we would be able to see what methods they had prepared. No matter what, they need to use that method sooner or later. When the time comes, wouldn’t we be able to find out?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “It seems like that is the only way. Alright, now that Elder Star and the others are here, I guess it’s time to go to the Leo continent.”</p>

  <p>The next moment, they already appeared inside the Leo Continent’s Lion River, the continent’s largest river.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and the others arrived here with the help of the Space. In the past, they entered the Leo Continent through this river. Because of this, the Space already recorded the place down.</p>

  <p>After arriving at Lion River, Zhao Hai didn’t immediately go and attack the Leo Divines. He knew what his goal was, and that was to attack the place that the Leo Divines hold dear. Only in this way would the Supreme Elders be moved, and only then could Zhao Hai find an opportunity to defeat them.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and the others walked along the river while observing the situation with the Leo Continent. What Zhao Hai saw was something different from what he imagined. Zhao Hai thought that it was only the Central Continent who had a chaotic result. After all, the attack was made in the Central Continent. Other places shouldn’t be affected.</p>

  <p>However, there were some troubles in the Leo Continent as well. But the situation here was much better compared to the Central Continent. Although there were still people who caused trouble, they were still able to be controlled.</p>

  <p>After seeing this, Zhao Hai wasn’t sure if he should make a move. It was clear that if he acts now, then that would be the spark that would light a fire on the Leo Continent. At this time, the Leo Continent was like a barrel of gunpowder with a fuse. As long as a spark came in, the barrel would explode.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the monitor and frowned. Lizzy and the others looked at the screen as well. After a few moments, the group turned their gazes towards Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Feeling everybody else’s gaze, Zhao Hai clenched his teeth and said, “We go through!”</p>

  <p>Then after that, Zhao Hai went outside and said, “Bingya, come here.”</p>

  <p>Bingya and the others stayed inside their room in the past few days. They contacted their clans from time to time, so they knew that the Divine Race army had retreated. This allowed them to feel relief.</p>

  <p>Bingya and the others were unable to see the situation outside, so they weren’t aware about what the Central Continent turned into. However, when they saw Zhao Hai’s state, they chose the right decision and just stayed in.</p>

  <p>Now that Zhao Hai called him over, Bingya, as well as Ryder and Yehta, immediately ran out. They knew that Zhao Hai wouldn’t call them out for no reason. After seeing Zhao Hai, the three couldn’t help but stare. Zhao Hai’s expression was heavy, this caused their hearts to sink. They didn’t know what caused Zhao Hai to be like this.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the trio and said, “What is the most important place in the Leo Continent? Where should we attack?” Bingya was stunned. He didn’t expect Zhao Hai’s question. However, Bingya carefully gave his answer, “Mister, did something happen? Isn’t it too risky to attack the Leo Continent? Did Elder Star and the others go to the Central Continent?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Correct, they already arrived there. We’re now in the Leo Continent. Tell me which place to attack.”</p>

  <p>Bingya thought for a moment and said, “The Leo Continent is quite special. From what I learned from the family, their most important landmark isn’t their Imperial Palace, but Lion Rock!”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Continue”</p>

  <p>Bingya gave a nod, “Lion Rock is a giant tomb where the Leo Emperors are buried as well as the warriors who died for the Continent. It is a place where the spirit of the Leo Continent resides in.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but frown. He wasn’t a grave digger. However, this target only comprised of dead people, so there weren’t so many murders but in exchange they could plunge the Leo Continent into chaos.</p>

  <p>Bingya saw Zhao Hai’s expression and then said, “Aside from Lion Rock, the Imperial Palace is also quite important. However, the palace is heavily guarded. At least, an army is stationed there.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Bingya and said, “Where is Lion Rock?”</p>

  <p>Bingya responded, “It is 50 kilometers east of Lion Palace. The name of the rock came from how it looks like a Lion lying on the ground. I heard that the Leo Royals bury their Emperors there. At the same time, that is also the place where they bury the brave warriors who defended the Leo Royals.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Where is Lion Palace’s specific location?”</p>

  <p>Bingya answered, “Lion Palace is on the east bank of the Lion River. It isn’t close to the River, but there is a satellite city nearby called Thirsty Lion City. If we don’t plan to go to Lion Palace, then we can just continue going along the River to reach the head part of Lion Rock. Its position makes it look like the Lion is drinking by the river.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gave a nod, “Good, then let’s go and destroyed Lion Rock later today.”</p>

  <p>Bingya and the others didn’t dare to say anything. They knew Zhao Hai’s way of doing things, and they also wouldn’t oppose to the idea. Their hatred towards the Divines was too deep. They couldn’t wait to destroy the Divine Race’s grave.</p>

  <p>What Zhao Hai and the others didn’t know was the fact that Elder Star and the others were in the Leo Continent during the time they went astray. Luckily, Zhao Hai didn’t think of making a move at that time.</p>

  <p>Bingya saw that Zhao Hai’s expression didn’t go any better. On the contrary, Zhao Hai looked distant. In the end, Bingya couldn’t help but ask, “Mister, did something happen?” Zhao Hai looked at Bingya and smiled, “Don’t worry, nothing is wrong. The situation is greatly beneficial to us.”</p>

  <p>But Bingya was still confused, “But why is Mister’s expression heavy? I just couldn’t help but think that something bad has happened. Is Mister really fine?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “It’s fine. Go and prepare, we’ll arrive at Lion Rock soon.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Bingya couldn’t help but stare, then he asked, “Mister, we’re nearing Lion Rock? That quick?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Of course we’re fast. Don’t worry, even if we arrive at Lion Rock, we won’t begin immediately. We’ll do the same as before, we attack at night. This time, I’m planning to turn all the Leo Emperors into undead!”</p>

  <p>As soon as Zhao Hai said this, Bingya and the others couldn’t help but shiver in fright. Zhao Hai’s means were too ruthless. It was at this time where they understood why the clan didn’t want to offend Dark Mages. One shouldn’t offend a Dark Mage.</p>

  <p>Before long, the Hell King’s ship stopped. Zhao Hai turned to the three and said, “Alright, go and take a rest. We’ve reached Lion Rock. We make our move this evening.” After saying that, Zhao Hai went to return to his room.</p>

  <p>Bingya and the others looked at Zhao Hai in confusion. They didn’t know why Zhao Hai was in a bad mood today.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai returned to his room, Laura and the others immediately went to welcome him. Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, will we really turn the skeletons in Lion Rock into undead? Those undead wouldn’t be that strong, they’re quite useless. Even if they are transformed by the Space, their strength could only be as strong as ordinary undead.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai steeled his heart and said, “Yes, we’ll turn every skeleton there into undead. Moreover, we won’t have the Space improve them and just let them attack the Leo Continent. In any case, the Divines are now our enemy. We need to refrain from showing pity. We need to deal with the Divine Race. After that, there’s still the O’Neal family and the Underworld. Perhaps, we can even use the Divines in the future.”</p>

  <p>As soon as they heard this, Laura and the others gawked. Then they began to understand Zhao Hai. It was indeed like what Zhao Hai said. Maybe they can save more people this way.</p>
</body>
</html>