<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 397: Second Prince</h3>

  <p>What Zhao Hai said was true, all of those businesses that he proposed were indeed subject to envy. At present, all of the candidates for the throne had the same strengths and position. Nobody was particularly superior to the others. But if Charlie were to start these businesses, his position would certainly surpass his other brothers. This may force the others to group up to keep him in check, it would be troublesome.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai’s businesses were really lucrative. Letting these benefits go would truly be a waste, this placed Charlie in a dilemma.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Charlie and smiled, “Your highness doesn’t need to think about it too much. In the end, the final result isn’t up to you, you should just go about your own matters.”</p>

  <p>Charlie nodded then sighed, he understood what Zhao Hai meant. The outcome of the struggle for the throne was indeed not up to the candidates. His father was still not old, he could still continue to become emperor for 20 years. In 20 years, nobody can really know what will happen, so there’s no particular forecast that can be made.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “You highness, when we reach Jade Water City, I might need your help in opening my shop.”</p>

  <p>Charlie smiled, “Mister can rest assured, I got you covered.”</p>

  <p>As he said this, an alarm could be heard outside. Zhao Hai turned his head to his side as Shun immediately ran out.</p>

  <p>Charlie just calmly sat there. After a short while Shun came back and reported, “Young Master, there are several ships from the harbor approaching as. They look to be pursuing our ship, possibly wanting to surround it.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “So the alarm was for us. Let’s go see who it is.”</p>

  <p>After he stood up, Charlie followed suit and also stood up. Zhao hai turned his head and said, “Your Highness, you should stay in the cabin this time. This may not be necessarily because of you. You will get exposed if you show yourself.”</p>

  <p>Charlie nodded as he sat back down. Then Zhao Hai led Laura and the others outside, leaving Charlie behind.</p>

  <p>Liru frowned and asked, “Your Highness, do you think we’re in danger?”</p>

  <p>Charlie shook his head, “I’m not sure, we could only know later. I believe that mister’s strength is enough to ensure our safety.”</p>

  <p>Although Liru was worried, he didn’t talk anymore and just nodded. He didn’t know that because of the upgrades in the Space, a lot of Zhao Hai’s undead already had the strength of 8th rank. Also, Zhao Hai still had Cai’er and Zhao Wen. With all of these added together, there weren’t a lot of people that could deal with Zhao Hai in this world.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai came out of the living room, he calmly stared at the ships that had encircled the Haven. The ships weren’t battleships, just five-masted ironclad cargo ships, like Zhao Hai’s Haven. For someone to be able to mobilize this number of ships made Zhao Hai quite surprised.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai wasn’t afraid, even if these ships were armed, they were useless. Zhao Hai’s undead had already reached 8th rank because of the Space, with these undead on hand, Zhao Hai could even destroy a small kingdom, not to say these ships.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t move, he waited the other party to approach him. He just stood calmly as he had the Haven’s sails taken down.</p>

  <p>Before long, the closest ship in the encirclement went towards the Haven. Zhao Hai observed the vessel. On its deck were a group of people, the most noticeable person was 30-year old man with a face closely resembling Charlie. Their figures were very similar with each other, he had ordinary clothes on but feels very different when he wore it. And most importantly, the commanding aura that this person had wasn’t any less than Charlie’s.</p>

  <p>Upon seeing this person, Zhao Hai knew that the man didn’t come for them, but instead for Charlie. This man was possibly Charlie’s second brother, the Rosen Empire’s Second Prince.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai took a deep breath and bowed towards the man who he suspected to be the second prince, “May I know who mister is? Why did you surround my ship? Didn’t you know that this is Rosen Empire’s waters?”</p>

  <p>The supposedly second prince revealed a curious look when he heard Zhao Hai, after some time, he replied, “Are you Zhao Hai? You’re quite brave, nobody asks me for explanations while inside Rosen Empire. But feel relieved, I did not come for you today.”</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai heard the other party’s words, his suspicions were confirmed. He couldn’t help but smile faintly and say, “I really don’t know why I need to be relieved, I’m just an ordinary merchant doing proper business. I didn’t skip on taxes, nor have I become a spy, I didn’t kill people and burn places. I really don’t understand what merits me to be afraid.”</p>

  <p>The Second Prince looked at Zhao Hai’s eyes and said seriously, “Boy, I’m not here to find you today. Go and make Little Three come out immediately. He came to my Rising Water city without meeting me, isn’t he being impolite?”</p>

  <p>Just as Zhao Hai was about to reply, Charlie walked out from the ship. He showed a faint smile and bowed, “I’ve seen second brother, I just went for a short visit in the city. I didn’t want to disturb you.</p>

  <p>The Second Prince looked at Charlie and laughed, “Is it really just a short visit and nothing else? Then why did mister Zhao Hai immediately leave Rising Water City and head towards Jade Water City?”</p>

  <p>Charlie gave a smile and said, “I just unintentionally met mister Zhao Hai and invited him to do business in my Jade Water City. For convenience, I rode on his ship. What’s wrong about that? Is it worth second brother dragging all of these people here?”</p>

  <p>The Second Prince coldy snorted and retorted, “Little Three, your words are useless. Without even looking into mister Zhao Hai, I could tell at a glance that you just took him from me. This seems very insincere.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but force a smile and said, “Mister should be the Second Prince right? Your highness, I am a merchant, and isn’t it up to me where I do my business? By your words, it seems like if I go to Rising Water city, then I am obligated to do business there, and not head to other places. With this logic, since I came to Sky Water City first, then should I do business there forever? Where did the second prince get the fact that I was stolen?”</p>

  <p>The Second Prince looked at Zhao Hai, “Zhao Hai, there’s no use to keep speaking. Behave yourself and stay in Rising Water City, I promise to not take action then. Otherwise, you wouldn’t be able to do business in the Rosen Empire anymore, believe me.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai just smiled slightly and replied, “i don’t believe you.” Very simple words, but they made the Second Highness’ heart explode with rage, he looked at Zhao Hai with a reddened face.</p>

  <p>Charlie didn’t think that Zhao Hai would actually go against the second prince, this moved him a bit. At the same time, he was scared. He knew that he wanted to get Zhao Hai’s support, he didn’t want him to suffer an accident.</p>

  <p>Charlie immediately inserted, “Second Brother, speak straight, why did you come today? This matter had nothing to do with Zhao Hai, what do you really want from me?”</p>

  <p>The Second Prince coldly replied, “Little Three, don’t be too complacent, I know that you’re the favorite. I won’t touch you, since if you let father know, I’m finished. But no matter what, Zhao Hai must go back to Rising Water City with me.”</p>

  <p>Charlie replied, “Impossible. I don’t have a deep influence on mister Zhao Hai. Going with me is his own decision, I didn’t pressure him.”</p>

  <p>The Second Prince snorted, “Hmph, if you’re not pressuring Zhao Hai, then why are you riding his ship towards Jade Water City? Why did he leave Rising Water City when he had just arrived there? Who doesn’t know that he just had a falling out with the Calci Family. This time, when he came to Rising Water City, it was definitely to establish business. But now you’re pulling him towards Jade Water City, who wouldn’t see that you’re in the wrong?”</p>

  <p>Charlie just showed a faint smile, “There are a lot of people doing business between Rising Water City and Jade Water City. Can’t you think that this is the situation this time, second brother? Also, you’re talking about being wrong? I don’t know why Mister Zhao Hai wanted to leave Rising Water City, but you stopping him is something that you shouldn’t be doing.”</p>

  <p>The Second Prince looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Zhao Hai, do you really want to side with Little Three?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the Second Prince and smiled, “Your highness, I’m just a merchant. Chasing benefits is my job. When I looked at Rising Water City’s atmosphere, I decided that it isn’t suitable for my business, therefore I want to head towards Jade Water City to take a look. Why am I unable to do this? Also, what’s wrong with the Third Prince riding my ship?”</p>

  <p>The Second Prince clenched his teeth when he heard Zhao Hai, “Good, Zhao Hai, good. You actually said that my Rising Water City isn’t suitable for business? What benefits did Little Three give you? I can give you the same conditions.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but shake his head secretly, the second prince is much worse than Charlie. He just knew about Charlie when he embarked on the ship, only then did he give chase. This meant that he wasn’t Charlie’s match, such person wasn’t an opponent for Charlie.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai bowed to the Second Prince and said, “Your Highness Second Prince, I just want to look at Jade Water City. Just like you said, me and the Calci Family currently have problems with each other. Thus, I want to choose another place to do business. However, I have not been to both Rising Water City and Jade Water City. This time, I only came to Rising Water City because it was the closest location, I didn’t intend to do business there. There was no need for the Second Highness so amass such show of force.”</p>

  <p>The Second Prince looked at Zhao Hai while having a pale expression. “Good, good. I’ll let you go Zhao Hai. But just know who’s territory Rosen Empire belongs to.” Then he waved his hand as he departed to his ship.</p>

  <p>Seeing the Second Prince leave, Zhao Hai gave a sigh. He was utterly disappointed with the Second Prince.</p>
</body>
</html>