<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1194: The Peak</h3>

  <p>The fog on the arena quickly dissipated and two shadows could be seen. One figure was on the left while the other was on the right. Both were about 100 meters away from each other. It looked like none of them moved from their initial positions.</p>

  <p>In fact, this was exactly what happened. Ever since the battle started, the two just sent their magic without moving. This also showed how “evenly matched” the two were.</p>

  <p>After the fog completely dispersed, people could finally see the two combatants. What they saw caused an uproar. This was because the participants on the stage were in completely different states.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was still calmly standing in place. His robes were in perfect condition. He looked like he didn’t undergo a fight.</p>

  <p>On the other hand, Streep looked somewhat in distress. His robes were burnt in a few spots. Moreover, his hair had been burnt. There were black marks on his face. He looked very pitiful in his current appearance.</p>

  <p>This was also the reason why the people were in an uproar. This was because most of them thought that Streep was stronger than Zhao Hai. But now, it seems like Zhao Hai was the more powerful one.</p>

  <p>Streep was aware of his own situation, and he stared at Zhao Hai with a burning gaze. He had always cared about his image and he didn’t expect Zhao Hai to place him in such a situation. What annoyed him more was the fact that Zhao Hai looked basically untouched.</p>

  <p>Streep began to form a hatred towards Zhao Hai. He hated Zhao Hai for embarrassing him. He also hated Zhao Hai for being stronger than him. And lastly, he hated Zhao Hai for defeating him.</p>

  <p>However, Streep was also a cunning man. He knew that he could no longer do anything to Zhao Hai in this arena. Therefore, he took a deep breath to calm his mood. Then he bowed and said, “Mister Zhao Hai’s strength is really extraordinary. You have my sincere admiration. I admit defeat.” Then he turned his head to the referee to announce his surrender.&#160;</p>

  <p>When the referee saw Streep’s signal, he immediately opened the arena’s shield while at the same time announcing the winner, “The Machine Field’s realm qualifier champion is Zhao Hai! Holding second place is Streep!” When the referee announced the result, the stadium was in an uproar. There were a lot of people who were cursing Streep for admitting his defeat. This was because Streep just made them lose a lot of money.</p>

  <p>Seeing Streep surrender, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but get surprised. Then an intrigued smile bloomed on his face. Naturally, he could see the killing intent in Streep’s eyes. Zhao Hai just didn’t expect Streep to give up this early.</p>

  <p>Of course, Zhao Hai wasn’t so naive to believe that Streep would let him off just like that. Streep just decided to endure, so that his retaliation would be bigger. Streep’s revenge would certainly be fierce, he might even be planning on killing Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai wasn’t afraid of Streep. If Streep really decided to kill him, then that would give him a reason to kill Streep.</p>

  <p>When the referee announced that Zhao Hai had officially become the realm qualifier’s champion, the whole stadium immediately resounded with cheerful music. All kinds of magical fireworks flew up into the sky.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai remained standing in the arena as he bowed in all directions. Actually, Zhao Hai didn’t need to do that. But his actions gained him the admiration of the audience. Soon enough, people were standing up to give Zhao Hai applause.</p>

  <p>On the reserved seats, Cadjo was wiping away his tears. The Ashley Family will gain a lot from Zhao Hai becoming the champion. And these gains didn’t only come from the tournament’s prize. Since Zhao Hai was the largest dark horse of the qualifiers, Cadjo made use of it to bet on him. After each victory, the Ashley Family’s winnings became bigger and bigger.</p>

  <p>Cadjo knew that the Ashley Family’s opportunity to rise up has arrived. The current Ashley Family was too vulnerable. They didn’t have that much territory, manpower, resources, and allies. If they didn’t aim to increase their status at this time, then it would truly be a huge waste.</p>

  <p>The awards ceremony came immediately after. There was nothing special about it. The prize they sent Zhao Hai wasn’t to his liking, so they negotiated the entire afternoon before the event formally finished.</p>

  <p>Once everything was done, Zhao Hai wanted have a drink with Xiong Li and the others. However, he was stopped by Cadjo and was asked to prepare to attend a party that evening.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knew that this was something he couldn’t avoid, so he agreed. However, he told Xiong Li and the others that they would be drinking the next day. Then after that, Margaret and Zhao Hai returned to the Ashley Family’s building</p>

  <p>When they returned, they immediately went to their room and then entered the Space. Laura and the others welcomed them with happy faces. Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Congratulations Brother Hai!”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “What’s there to congratulate about, it’s just the realm qualifiers. Right, did you monitor Streep’s situation?”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded and said, “Rest assured, he’s under surveillance. But this man is really shameless. The moment he returned to his room, he immediately went and looked for a woman.” While Laura said this, her face turned red. It seems like Streep did something that shouldn’t be looked into.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai heard Laura, he couldn’t help but knit his brows as he said, “He’s looking for a woman? It seems like Streep’s strange energy had something to do with the female gender. Continue paying attention to him. Of course, don’t look at him when he’s with a woman. Otherwise, I’ll be jealous.” Laura and the others twisted Zhao Hai’s sides immediately after he said that. However, Zhao Hai just laughed it out before leading everyone in. After taking a bath, he returned to the living room to see that Laura and the others were doing something.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai went behind them to see what they were doing on the computer. From what he could see, they were designing clothes that would look good for him to wear.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai saw this, he didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. It must be said that Zhao Hai didn’t care much about what he was wearing. Normally, he would just use his transforming garment that turned into mage robes. This mage robe looked ancient and ordinary. It was just black and not anything special.&#160;</p>

  <p>However, this didn’t sit well with Laura and the others. In their eyes, Zhao Hai’s fashion sense was very bad. And this time, clothing was very important. He would meet distinguished people in the party so he needed to look special when facing them.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai just smiled and went along with what they were doing. He didn’t want to be the one to take care of this. He usually prioritized comfort when it came to his clothing. But if he were to attend a formal occasion, he needs to wear formal clothes. Otherwise he would lose face.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai sat on one side drinking tea while Laura and the others were discussing about what he should wear. His heart couldn’t help but enter tranquility. This was what he yearns most in life, a life with no disputes.</p>

  <p>It can be said that once women discussed clothing, their spirits would reach an astonishing degree. Time passed, two hours, three hours, and they were still discussing. They had already selected one outfit, but they seem to think that there was still something better, so they kept discussing.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t care much about it. Now that Cadjo was preparing for the party, nobody went to look for him all this time, and they also didn’t want to disturb him. Zhao Hai comfortably changed the Space’s monitor to look at Streep.&#160;</p>

  <p>At this time Streep was currently practicing. The woman that Laura and the others talked about was no longer there. Actually, Streep wasn’t injured at all, he was just ruffled up. Zhao Hai didn’t dare hurt Streep, or else he would have to give up being first place.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t dare to do such a thing. There were other opportunities to deal with Streep outside of the arena. But while Zhao Ha fought against Streep, he released a very thin silver needle and inserted it into Streep’s scalp. At that time, Streep was so focused on fighting that he didn’t notice pain that was only a bit stronger than a mosquito bite.</p>

  <p>Moreover, Zhao Hai’s silver needle can turn soft. So when it pricked Streep’s scalp, it immediately turned soft, disguising itself as white hair.</p>

  <p>Streep’s hair was blue, so it was able to hide the silver hair much better. Because of this, Zhao Hai believed that his silver needle wouldn’t be discovered.</p>

  <p>After watching Streep, Zhao Hai changed the monitor’s display to the Machine Field’s channels. There were movies, tv series, and news. There were a lot of content to watch.</p>

  <p>Upon seeing the content of the news, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare. This was because it was currently showing the awarding ceremony. He was there bowing to the audience.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly as he looked at himself turning to face the audience. But this time, Laura suddenly shouted, “Brother Hai, turn the volume up. We want to hear what they are saying.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai turned his head and saw that Laura and the others were also watching the news. Their eyes turned bright upon seeing him in the monitor.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and then waved his hand to increase the volume of the television. “Zhao Hai ascended less than a year ago but he has already become a level 4 Mage. He’s a genius in cultivation and through his indisputable strength, he managed to get the first place in the Machine Field’s qualifiers. He is the Machine Field’s pride, the might of the realm……”</p>

  <p>Hearing these praises, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but bitterly smile. He didn’t expect the Machine Field’s television program to be so polite while talking about him.</p>

  <p>Laura and the others were looking at the monitor with great interest. But after hearing the discussion for some time, they finally got bored. Zhao Hai looked at them and then said, “Are you done picking what I should wear?”</p>

  <p>As soon as they heard Zhao Hai, Laura and the others immediately took out a laptop and then faced it towards Zhao Hai. Of the thousands of clothes present, they were finally able to settle on one.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai inspected the clothing. It was a black robe with silver embroidery. It was gorgeous but not flamboyant. Moreover, its style was different than normal mage robes. Inside was a long gown that was like a robe but was divided into a top and a bottom. It was covered by a buttonless robe that had a sort of windbreaker. It looked very charming.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hao nodded and said, “That looks very good. Margaret, how about you? It’s a party to celebrate my win, so it’s natural that you’re going to be my female companion.”</p>

  <p>Margaret smiled and said, “I’ll be wearing this.” Then she showed her dress. It was also a black mage robe with silver embroidery on the upper part. Its style was very novel and attractive.&#160;</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright. It’s a pity that you can’t go out in public yet. Otherwise, I’ll be taking all of you outside. People will surely envy me to death.” Zhao Hai looked at the other clothes on the computer as he smiled towards Laura and the others.</p>

  <p>When she heard this, Laura smiled and said, “It’s fine. There will be time later on. Brother Hai, you should prepare. The party is happening soon.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he changed the image on the monitor to Cadjo and the others. The party would be held in the large hall of the Ashley Family’s building. This place was big enough to host a party. The preparations were already complete, only some finishing touches were being done.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the time and said, “Alright, I think I need to leave. Boss Xiong and the others will be arriving soon. It’s possible that they’ll look for me first.” Then at this time, Zhao Hai saw Xiong Li and the others walking over. Zhao Hai and Margaret left the Space. Zhao Hai’s robe already changed to the design they decided on. As for Margaret, her robe was still being made by the Processing Machine. Laura and the others would send it to her in her room.</p>

  <p>As for other things like jewelry and makeup, everything had already been taken care of. Margaret’s hair didn’t need to much work since her natural hair already matched her robes. And after all, Zhao Hai was the star of the party.</p>

  <p>After coming out of the Space, Zhao Hai immediately opened the door to his room. Xiong Li and the others were already waiting outside. Xiong Li, Dongfang Yu, and Li Kuangren all changed into new Warrior clothing. Xiong Li also made an exception and put away his huge hammers. Sun Fei was also wearing new mage robes which made him look quite handsome.</p>

  <p>When the group saw Zhao Hai, they couldn’t help but stare. Zhao Hai’s robes were very well-designed. It gave him a noble and charming aura. And at the same time, it gave people a bright feeling towards him.</p>

  <p>Xiong Li laughed and said, “Little Hai, good, good. I didn’t expect you to know how to dress well. You look like another person. You look very good. How could a kid like you look so charming?”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing this, Dongfang Yu and the others laughed!</p>
</body>
</html>