<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1244: Formidable Beast Undead Unit</h3>

  <p>Xiong Li and the others stared at Zhao Hai’s new Undead unit. After some time, Xiong Li turned his head towards Zhao Hai, eyes shining as he said, “Little Hai, how many secrets do you really have? Can’t you just take them all out?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “No rush, no rush. The place where I came from isn’t a peaceful place. I’ve encountered wars between million-people armies several times. If you’re not armed against those fellows, then you would die. But you can rest assured, we won’t have any problems defending for the next few days.”</p>

  <p>Xiong Li didn’t ask more. They just turned their heads towards the Undead beast units. The beasts looked very sturdy, giving Xiong Li and the others morale.</p>

  <p>Most importantly, besides the beasts walking on the ground, there were also plenty of them flying in the air. These flying beasts were also armed to the teeth, looking incomparably fierce.</p>

  <p>All beast Undead that Zhao Hai released had every offensive part armed with iron fittings. Their teeth were reinforced with metal, their tails were supplemented with hammers, and some of their claws were sharpened. These bodily weapons might not look menacing, but these weapons were also inscribed with magic formations, the weapon shattering formation.</p>

  <p>These iron fittings were the latest additions. When Zhao Hai gave the Undead army new weapons, Laura was the one to propose this idea. She also proposed using these beasts more often compared to humanoid Undead.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t know why this was the case, but Laura told him that it was for his reputation. No matter which place, releasing a large number of humanoid Undead would make people label you as an evildoer. This would be very disadvantageous to Zhao Hai’s future development since this would provide his enemies with a proper reason to deal with him.</p>

  <p>Also, these beast Undead were large and had bodies that were highly transformable. They were also stronger compared to humanoid Undead. Because of this, Laura hoped that Zhao Hai would use them more often in the future.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai happily accepted Laura’s proposition. Then he made Laura install weapons on the beasts, and he also ensured that they all had weapon shattering. Naturally, the quality of their weapon shattering couldn’t be compared to Xiong Li and the others. Xiong Li and the others had weapons made with special materials, and while Zhao Hai had a lot of good materials in the Space, their ore veins were still in their growth phases, completely unsuitable for large-scale mining. Therefore, Zhao Hai could only use the Space’s stockpile of material to create weapons.</p>

  <p>Nevertheless, the result was very extraordinary. After these weapons were installed, the beast Undead’s fighting strength had increased by at least three points. And if the magic cannons were added, then these Beast Undead unit’s fighting strength could seriously be considered as terrifying.</p>

  <p>Because of this, Zhao Hai was able to make a death squad of beast undead. Moreover, these Undead had different weapons in their bodies, making them even more terrifying.</p>

  <p>While the brothers were speaking, the flying mantis bugs had already flown into the cave. However, just as they appeared, they were suddenly met with a bone dragon and were immediately extinguished.</p>

  <p>Although these flying mantis bugs weren’t weak, the bone dragons couldn’t be underestimated as well. After the Space leveled up several times, the bone dragons had also leveled up. Their strength had become formidable. Naturally, the bone dragons had no problems dealing with the flying mantis bugs.</p>

  <p>However, these low-level bugs never won because of their strength, instead they depended on their numerical superiority. A seemingly inexhaustible amount of flying mantis bugs streamed into the cave. This opened the curtain for the beginning of the battle.</p>

  <p>In the beginning, only the flying bugs were present so the Undead were able to easily deal with them. They haven’t even used their weapons yet.</p>

  <p>But soon after, other blocked passages were beginning to be broken through. More and more bugs came, adding more oil to the fires of battle. The Undead beasts had one advantage over these bugs, and that was their size, defense, and strength. Therefore, they still had an easy time. There were also the magic cannons that helped them deal with the incoming bugs.</p>

  <p>Xiong Li and the others discovered that they were too preoccupied being the spectators of the battle. They can only stand there and watch the Undead fight the endless stream of bugs.</p>

  <p>Li Kuangren looked discontentedly at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, you’re hogging all the glory. Look at how busy the battle has become, do you hate me that much?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai laughed and said, “Isn’t it fun to just watch? People from other realms would never find such an opportunity. I reckon those guys are getting desperate at this time. Hahaha. Think about it, while those guys are fighting for their lives, we’re here drinking and watching a show.”</p>

  <p>As soon as they heard Zhao Hai, Xiong Li and the others laughed. Just like Zhao Hai said, while the others were going all out, they were here watching the battle as though it was entertainment.</p>

  <p>Li Kuangren laughed as well, then he said, “That’s right. When I think of those guys from the Cultivation Realm looking desperate, I couldn’t help but be happy. Hahaha.”</p>

  <p>Time went by as more and more bugs appeared. Moreover, as time passed, the bugs coming over were getting stronger and stronger. Some bugs can even fight the Undead one-to-one. However, those bugs would still die to the magic cannons. With the combined power of the beast Undead and the magic cannons, the bugs were unable to do anything for a while.</p>

  <p>The cave where Zhao Hai and the others were wasn’t small, but it did appear like so. Undead and bugs filled the place up. From time to time, the Undead line would be breached by a couple of bugs, so Zhao Hai and the others would have to make a move themselves.</p>

  <p>Although some gaps appeared in the Undead line, this didn’t mean that they were getting killed. The Undead held their own defensive position but they were also being tied down by multiple bugs. Therefore, one or two would inevitably slip in. However, those who did were easily dealt with by Xiong Li and the others.</p>

  <p>Time passed as more and more bug corpses filled up the cave. Zhao Hai had yet to lose an Undead. This also allowed Zhao Hai to see how powerful these beast undead were. If the army was composed of humanoid Undead, then a few would have already died to the bugs.&#160;</p>

  <p>It didn’t take long before Zhao Hai understood what was going on. Compared to humanoids, the beasts had stronger bodies. Because the humanoids had traded their body strength for wisdom, they became inferior to the beasts in terms of physiology. And after being turned into Undead, even if the two had the same level, the beasts would still have much sturdier bodies compared to humanoids. Especially the Undead that Zhao Hai had. Their bodies were formidable, strong, and had astonishing defensive strength. Although they couldn’t easily sweep through a human army, they were enough to deal with the bugs.</p>

  <p>Upon thinking about this point, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but feel regret. If he had known this before, then he would’ve used beast Undead sooner. The firepower provided by these beast Undead made sure that each of them were their own war machines.</p>

  <p>Xiong Li and the others were also able to see how powerful the beast Undead were. This made them excited, so they flew over and took out a few bugs to practice their moves.</p>

  <p>When the group wiped out a batch of bugs, they returned to where Zhao Hai was. Xiong Li looked at the Undead as he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Those guys are full of energy. Little Hai, you should have taken them out sooner.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and didn’t say anything. At this time, Sun Fei looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, how long has it been? Why do I feel like time is moving too quickly?” Zhao Hai chuckled and said, “It’ll end soon. We should be able to return in eight hours. Rest assured, nothing wrong will happen.”</p>

  <p>Sun Fei nodded and said, “I’m not worried about not being able to go back. But I just feel like time passed by quickly. In just a blink of an eye, seven days went by just like that.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai laughed and said, “Time passes quite fast for us. But for the others, I reckon they feel the opposite. Those guys should be very anxious to return.” Sun Fei and the others heard this and laughed. They completely agreed to Zhao Hai’s answer. To be honest, even if they were from the lower realms and hadn’t ascended for a long time, they were still aware that Zhao Hai’s Undead were insanely strong. They had never seen creatures as terrifying as them, whether it be in the lower realms or in the Machine Field.</p>

  <p>However, they didn’t ask anything. Although they had become sworn brothers, they knew that they still had secrets that they kept from each other. If Zhao Hai doesn’t want to say it, then they won’t ask.</p>

  <p>At this time, Zhao Hai turned his head to Lu Dingtian and said, “Second Brother, I think it would be better for you if you had a mount. Am I correct?”</p>

  <p>Lu Dingtian nodded and said, “Yes”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Then if we have free time, I’ll give you a beast as a mount. I believe it will make you even stronger. What do you think?”</p>

  <p>With shining eyes, Lu Dingtian nodded and said, “Good.”&#160;</p>

  <p>Li Kuangren couldn’t help but interject, “Second Brother, would it kill you if you say a second word? You talk so little.”&#160;</p>

  <p>Lu Dingtian nodded and said, “Yes.” His response caused everyone to laugh out loud.&#160;</p>

  <p>Then at this moment, the transmission formation behind them suddenly emitted white light.</p>
</body>
</html>