<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1074: Ascender Academy</h3>

  <p>The laws of the heavens and the earth have always been a mystery! Each place had their own distinct law. Take the Mage Continent for example, they had laws that only permit the use of magic energy. Besides magic energy, they couldn’t use anything else. But even if they could other energies, they wouldn’t be able to use too much of it. Because of this, nobody in the Mage Continent cultivated both martial arts and magic. And in the end, they would never reach the peak strength of an individual, not to even say ascending. This was the same case with the Warrior Continent and the Magic Armor Continent. The reason why Zhao Hai was repelled by the laws was because his body was full of both battle qi and magic.&#160;</p>

  <p>When he ascended to the Machine Field, Zhao Hai was still able to use all kinds of energy. Normally, when the Old Mage asked someone from the Mage Continent to show their spells, they would certainly use the element they were proficient in. But since Zhao Hai didn’t know about this, he revealed that he was a Mage that could use all of the elements.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai might not know about the Mage Continent’s state, but the people from the Machine Field did. Therefore, when they heard that Zhao Hai was an all-element Mage, they were shocked.</p>

  <p>It needed more than aptitude to ascend while also being an all-element Mage. Needless to say, the people from the Machine Field paid very close attention to Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t know any of these, so he just sat there the entire evening, cultivating. He knew that even if he was an expert in the Atlanta Plane, but in the Machine Field, he was only someone with some talent. If he wanted to live a better life here, then he needed to be competent.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s actions actually earned the praise of the people observing him. There were some ascenders who still had the mindset that they were very strong. Because of this, their bodies exuded arrogance and would eventually be idle. People like Zhao Hai who still cultivated after ascending were in the minority.</p>

  <p>Even those who became strong afterwards were still arrogant when they ascended. On their first night, they couldn’t sit still like Zhao Hai and practice the entire night.&#160;</p>

  <p>The more he was like this, the more it showed that Zhao Hai was different. Those who’ve seen Zhao Hai’s conduct felt that he was even more worthy of their attention.</p>

  <p>To a person who was absorbed in their cultivation, one night was nothing. Zhao Hai only thought that he was circulating his Myriad Stellar Transformations Yin-Yang a few times before he heard a knock coming from outside his room.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stopped cultivating as he said, “Come in.”</p>

  <p>The door opened before a person wearing mage robes entered. This person’s mage robes were unlike the ones worn by the Robot Mages. This person’s robes were very fashionable and didn’t cover his entire body.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, he looked at the person and asked, “You are?”</p>

  <p>The person smiled faintly at Zhao Hai and said, “Are you Mister Zhao Hai who ascended from the Atlanta Plane yesterday? Hello, I’m here to pick you up.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai quickly replied, “I’m Zhao Hai. Hello. May I know where you’re taking me?”</p>

  <p>The Mage smiled and said, “All ascenders from the lower realms needs to study in the Machine Field’s Ascender Academy for one year. And after a test, you will then be provided with an official citizenship. I’m here to lead you to the academy.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing the Mage, Zhao Hai immediately nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll have to trouble you.”</p>

  <p>The person smiled and said, “Not a problem. Since this is a place for you to temporarily take a rest, you’ll only get to eat after arriving at the Academy” Then he made a gesture to lead Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>After expressing his gratitude, Zhao Hai proceeded to walk shoulder to shoulder with the Mage. Zhao Hai no longer saw the five Robot Mage as he walked together with the Mage. Since Zhao Hai lived on the second floor, they were able to head outside very quickly.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was met with shock upon reaching outside. What he saw was something that could only be seen in science fiction movie scenes. There were tall buildings, each one easily reaching 100 floors. On the skies were flying vehicles just like the one from the movies. On some corners and sides of buildings were huge screens showing advertisements.</p>

  <p>Upon seeing Zhao Hai’s reaction, the person smiled and said, “You’ll slowly get used to it. Come, let’s get going.” As he said that, the person gestured Zhao Hai towards a car not far away. This car was just like other automobiles, but this one didn’t have wheels, instead it had something that looked like propellers. It looked like a vehicle meant for aquatic use.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t ask anything and just lowered his head in order to enter the vehicle. While the other person was entering the car, Zhao Hai took the opportunity to look at the place he came from. It was a tall tower, but in this large concrete jungle filled with tall buildings, it was on the shorter side. It only had about 20 floors, and even if looked shorter than it was, it would be 30 floors at most.</p>

  <p>The entire tower was made out of a type of azure stone. It looked ancient, just like how the others magic towers were made. There were no windows on this tower, exactly like some magic towers. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but be stunned. He didn’t expect a building such as this to exist in this place.</p>

  <p>The person saw Zhao Hai’s reaction as he smiled faintly and said, “Does it seem strange that the ascender tower looks incompatible with the surrounding buildings?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “It looks out of place.”</p>

  <p>The person smiled and said, “This is the oldest building in the entire Magic City. And the building was also intentionally built to look like this.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the man with a puzzled expression. The man just smiled and said, “You’re from the lower realms. Don’t you think that it would be better to live in buildings like these?” Then he gestured towards the nearby tall buildings.</p>

  <p>Then he turned his head to the front of the car and said, “Ascender Academy.” The vehicle silently started. It was a smooth start that Zhao Hai wasn’t even able to notice that the vehicle was already running.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai shook his head and replied to the earlier question, “To be honest, I felt uncomfortable in that building when I arrived.”</p>

  <p>The person smiled and said, “It is for this reason that we didn’t replicate its appearance. Also, the appearance of the building has a function. The building has magic formations that suppresses spiritual qi.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai immediately asked, “Spiritual Qi?”</p>

  <p>The person looked at Zhao Hai and smiled, “Right, Spiritual Qi. In the Machine Field, we don’t study what you call magic energy. Instead, we have spiritual qi. Don’t think that Spiritual Qi is weak based on your experience yesterday. That was because the building has formations that suppresses spiritual qi. Actually, the spiritual qi in the Machine Field is a hundred times more than what you experienced before. But newly ascended people like you might not be able to adjust to the abrupt change in concentration, causing you to turn insane. You need time to adapt, so the tower suppresses the spiritual qi in the surroundings. In the course of one year, the Ascender Academy will gradually train you to adapt to the normal amount of spiritual qi. Once you get used to the normal level of spiritual qi and pass the assessment, then you will become an official citizen of Machine Field.”</p>

  <p>While the person was saying that, the car was speeding through the air. Although the car was very fast, the speed can’t actually be felt inside. It just felt like they were just sitting in a room.</p>

  <p>By the time the person stopped speaking, the car stopped in front of a lot. This lot was quite big, complementing the huge 100-story or more building in front of it. Above the large building were four characters that read ‘Ascender Academy’.</p>

  <p>After the car stopped, the vehicle door automatically opened as electronic voice was heard, “Ascender Academy, please disembark.”</p>

  <p>The person turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Let’s head out.” Zhao Hai nodded and exited the car along with the Mage.</p>

  <p>Just as they stood on the ground, it suddenly moved forward. Zhao Hai stared at the ground for a moment and didn’t care about it anymore.</p>

  <p>The person looked at Zhao Hai and smiled, “You reacted quite well. I received someone who fell over the moment it moved.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Actually, my Atlanta Plane is quite developed. Although we don’t have moving platforms, we have elevators. I think the principle between the two is quite similar.”</p>

  <p>The man turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Really? The Atlanta Plane has elevators? You aren’t lying?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Of course its true. You might now know, but the Atlanta Plane is divided into three continents, the Mage Continent, Warrior Continent, and the Magic Armor Continent. The Mage Continent and the Warrior Continent didn’t have elevators, but the Magic Armor Continent did. Oh right, those Mages that received me yesterday, they looked like magic armors from the Magic Armor Continent. They aren’t really people are they?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai deliberately inserted the last part in order to probe for information. The person didn’t suspect anything as he said, “Of course they’re not people. They’re robots that are made to look like people. They’re just machines. So those magic armors, what do they look like?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai replied, “Magic armors are metal giants several meters tall. People can enter this giant and operate it from the inside. In addition to fighting, magic armors can also fly. They’re strength is quite formidable. Moreover, there’s also an ascension magic armor. I hear that high-level pilots use them in order to ascend. Do they ascend here?”</p>

  <p>The person nodded and said, “It’s possible that they ascended here. But the place where you’re from didn’t have any ascenders for a long time. I had this job for 20 years, and I haven’t heard of someone ascending from your plane.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai just gave a smile, “The rate of ascension in the Atlanta Plane is very slow. There has been so many years since somebody ascended.”</p>

  <p>The man gave a nod, “That’s normal. There are some planes that won’t have ascenders for several hundred years. It’s not a big deal.”</p>

  <p>The two arrived at the large building as they chatted. There was a huge screen before the large building. Shown on that screen were information related to the Ascender Academy. The entire building was called the Ascender Mage Academy. This was because this building was for training Mage Ascenders.</p>

  <p>The person looked at Zhao Hai who was reading the screen and smiled, “There’s no need to read everything. You’ll know all about that as you spend time here. Let’s go and have you registered first. Then after you settle down at the dormitory, you can have your meal.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and entered the building. Inside was a very big hall, it wasn’t any smaller than the hall Zhao Hai ascended to.</p>

  <p>Inside this hall were people in Mage robes busily walking in and out. Several of these people saw Zhao Hai arrive and then whispered among each other.</p>

  <p>Since Zhao Hai’s ears were very sensitive, he was able to hear their words, “This one’s new. Who knows where he came from.”</p>

  <p>Another said, “Who cares where he came from? He may be a genius back there, but here everyone is equal.”</p>

  <p>At this time, Zhao Hai arrived at the innermost part of the hall. There was a door that had three characters that read “Registration Office”. The man pushed the door open and entered. Zhao Hai quickly followed behind.</p>

  <p>The room wasn’t very big, only about 20 or so square meters. The inside looked simple. It only had a table, a chair, and a robot.</p>

  <p>This one looked like a very simple robot. It had a round head and its face was half-covered with a screen. It had a silvery body and two arms that showed plates and gears. The robot’s left hand was a rectangular box while the other was equipped with a pen.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at this and understood why the person didn’t even bother to knock. So the one inside the room wasn’t a person.</p>

  <p>The man wasn’t polite as he arrived in front of the robot and then turned to Zhao Hai, “Give me the piece of paper that you received yesterday.” Zhao Hai took the paper that was given to him by the Old Mage and then handed it over to the person.</p>

  <p>After the Mage received the piece of paper, he placed it on the table. The robot’s screen turned bright before writing something on the paper with its pen. After that, the robot’s rectangular box whirred two times before a card was spat out.</p>
</body>
</html>