<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 806: The Great Demon King Meets Zhao Hai</h3>

  <p>Normally, the last detail would be insignificant. However, when the Great Demon King heard it, his expression couldn’t help but change. He looked at the Demon Vulture and said, “Did you really see Zhao Hai stepping on a flying sword? Not something else?”</p>

  <p>Demon Vulture Luo was given a scare when he saw the Great Demon King’s change in expression. He quickly replied, “Replying to His Majesty. This one has indeed seen a blood red sword. But that sword was somewhat different compared to the ones we use. That sword had a tassel trailing behind it.</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Vulture Luo’s answer, the Great Demon King’s expression changed once more. Then he said, “Alright, you can go back.” Demon Vulture Luo gave a bow before turning around to leave.</p>

  <p>When Demon Vulture left, the Great Demon King immediately gave command, “Stop the army. Call Demon Dragon over.” Then the guard outside complied and went on to transmit the orders.</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King stood in front of his carriage door, looking into the distant skies as he muttered, “Is he one of them? That’s impossible!”</p>

  <p>Before long the Demon Dragon king arrived by the chariot. He gave the Great Demon King a salute before saying, “Your Majesty, you called for me.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King nodded, then he said, “Zhao Hai just sent someone to tell me that he wanted to have a chat. I’ve stopped the army and will hand temporary authority to you. I will be going first to meet Zhao Hai.”</p>

  <p>When he heard the Great Demon King, the Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but stare. Then his complexion changed as he said, “Your Majesty, I ask you to think about it once more. Zhao Hai is strong, and his schemes cannot be counted. Your Majesty, this is too dangerous.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King shook his head and said, “You don’t understand. When the scout came to give his report, he also told me that Zhao Hai was riding on top of a flying sword. And that this sword has a different style to those we generally use.”</p>

  <p>When he heard the Great Demon King, the Demon Dragon King stared, then he whispered, “Your Majesty, you suspect him to be…..”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King nodded, “Correct. Because of this, I need to meet Zhao Hai. Don’t worry, although Zhao Hai is strong, I’m quite formidable myself.” This time, the Demon Dragon King didn’t stop him. Then the Great Demon King turned his head to the chariot’s driver and said, “Go forward.”</p>

  <p>As soon as he heard that, the driver raised his hand and whipped the elephant-type magic beasts, urging the carriage to go forward. Before long, the carriage has left the army behind.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was currently standing on his flying sword that the blood ghost staff transformed to. He felt that standing on a flying sword did indeed feel very good. The breeze brushing on his face while the clouds fluttered around him.</p>

  <p>Before long, block spots were seen in the distance. These black spots became bigger and bigger as its figure was clearly seen, it was the Great Demon King’s carriage. What surprised Zhao Hai was the fact that the Great Demon King didn’t bring any escort along with him.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stood calmly on his flying sword as the Devil’s War Chariot got closer and closer. It didn’t take too long before the chariot stopped in front of Zhao Hai. Then the chariot’s door opened as the Great Demon King appeared. He looked at Zhao Hai before shifting his gaze on the flying sword by Zhao Hai’s foot. His eyes shone a flash of light before he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “I heard that Mister Zhao Hai wanted to chat with me.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I do indeed have something to discuss with Your Majesty the Great Demon King. I have some information that may interest you.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai’s eyes, then he smiled and said, “Alright, then how about you come in and we talk about it inside?” The Great Demon King wanted to see if Zhao Hai had the courage to accept his invitation.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai just gave a smile and said, “Since Your Majesty is inviting me, then how could I decline?” Then his figure moved and appeared in front of the door as he gave the Great Demon King a salute.</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai with interest, then he smiled faintly and said, “Mister, come in.” Then him and Zhao Hai entered the chariot.</p>

  <p>When he went in the chariot, Zhao Hai looked around for a moment and didn’t say anything. Then he followed the Great Demon King to his table before sitting on the opposite side. The Great Demon King took his bottle of liquor and poured a glass for Zhao Hai and then for himself. He raised his glass towards Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, cheers.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai raised his glass as well and said, “Your Majesty, cheers.” Then the two of them downed their liquor in one go. The Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai and laughed, “Mister is really something else. Not only did you enter my chariot, you even drank wine with me. Not a lot of people were as carefree as you. You have my admiration.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Your Majesty overpraises me. This one just believes that Your Majesty wouldn’t poison the wine. You don’t want to get rid of me at this time.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King stared, then he said, “Oh, Mister is quite confident.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I am. Your Majesty should be aware that I am the supporting pillar of the Ark Continent. If I were to disappear, then the Ark Continent is finished. Because of this, you wouldn’t deal with me prematurely. I am still quite useful for the Demons.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King laughed and said, “But just as mister said, you are the pillar of the Ark Continent. Wouldn’t it be great if I kill you right now?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “That would be an average person’s thinking. However, Your Majesty isn’t an average person. Your Majesty has another enemy aside from me, the Divine Race. Since Your Majesty has yet to deal with them, then you would want to keep me alive as long as possible. This would allow me and the Divine Race to wound each other, giving the Demons great profits for cheap work.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King smiled and didn’t say anything more. However, this was a signal that he agreed. Zhao Hai looked at the Great Demon King and said, “I came to meet Your Majesty in order to tell you something. I believe Your Majesty will change the Demon Race’s plan upon hearing it.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai. He had no clue what Zhao Hai was about to tell him. Zhao Hai smiled and then continued, “I think Your Majesty has already received information about the Ark Continent preparing to migrate. Am I correct?”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King’s pupils couldn’t help but shrink when he heard this, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Did mister deliberately send this information out?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “No. People under Demonic influence has just been found by me recently. I came to know from them about you receiving information. And that information is true.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King knit his brows, he looked at Zhao Hai, urging him to go on. Zhao Hai then said, “I’ll be honest to Your Majesty. The Ark Continent’s invaders not only comprise of the Demons and the Divine Race. There is another strong group that appeared. They are the main reason why I had the entire continent migrate.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King was frowning as he listened to Zhao Hai. He wasn’t sure whether Zhao Hai was telling the truth or not. If what Zhao Hai said was real, and a new enemy has appeared on the continent, then migration was a valid move. The only question about this was; where did the Ark Continent’s residents migrate?</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the Great Demon King’s expression then he said, “After repelling both the Demons and the Divine Race, an accident happened in the Ark Continent’s Northern Icefield. I had been there before because I needed to retrieve the Beastmen’s Beast God’s Spear. Because of that I’ve become quite familiar with the place, there were almost no living creatures there, and the temperature is very low, completely not suitable for living in. Due to my prior experience in the icefield, I completely disregarded it when the Demons and the Divine Race came. In my opinion, the icefield was even the safest place in the Ark Continent.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King nodded, he believed what Zhao Hai said. He was also aware about the Northern Icefield’s situation. He had read the same information from their people in the Continent. They even went on to explore the place for some time. They wanted to take a look whether it was suitable for the Blood Void formation. But in the end, they left disappointed, there were no living beings there to be used as sacrifice.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the Great Demon King and continued, “After knowing that something happened in the icefield, I immediately went there to investigate. At that point, the icefield was covered in a dark mist, in it were large quantities of undead. Fortunately, I’m a Dark Mage. So I captured some undead and turned them into my subordinate before asking them about their origin.” After speaking this, Zhao Hai looked into the eyes of the earnestly listening Great Demon King before he said, “These undead came from the Underworld!”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King’s complexion changed when he heard this. He gave a long stare at Zhao Hai. who gave him a nod and said, “Your Majesty, you haven’t heard it wrong. The undead came from the underworld. A spatial rift is currently at the Northern Icefield, and it leads directly towards the Underworld.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King stood up and made some steps back and forth. After some time he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Did the Underworld open the spatial rift? Or did they have assistance from other parties?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “There was no help. Although the war had caused the continent to be hectic, there were still three powerful Beastmen tribes left to guard the Icefield, nobody should be able to go through their territories undetected. I suspect this has something to do with the Divine Race’s action. In order to invade the Ark Continent, the Divine Race decided to break the laws of the continent. This caused damage to the Ark Continent’s natural barriers, allowing spatial rifts like the one connected from the Underworld to appear.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King’s expression changed once more. Then he sat back on his chair and drank a glass of liquor before he muttered, “I thought this would be an opportunity for the Demon Race. It’s a pity. It seems like the Ark Continent would turn into another Underworld.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the Great Demon King and said, “Does Your Majesty believe me? Aren’t you afraid of me deceiving you?”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai and smiled bitterly, “With Mister’s strength, what’s the use of deceiving me with this? Also, you cannot hide this lie for so long. Wouldn’t we be able to uncover the truth sooner or later?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai laughed and said, “Right. Your Majesty, I am not lying. After a period of time, information about the Underworld should reach your ears. I just came here to save you the time.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King looked straight at Zhao Hai, after some time he said, “It looks like Mister has already completed the Ark Continent’s migration. Otherwise, you wouldn’t be this carefree right now.”</p>
</body>
</html>