<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1096: Wild Beasts</h3>

  <p>Although the undead controlled by the malicious ghosts weren’t strong, there weren’t 100 just like Sim said. Instead, it was more than a thousand!</p>

  <p>The Mages present here were strong, but in such an environment, they were already under tremendous pressure. And even if the light element magic were lethal to the Undead, the Undead just stopped going inside the range of the magic. Instead, the Undead took stones and began throwing them towards the Mages.&#160;</p>

  <p>These Undead were low-level zombies. They weren’t fast nor were they defensive, however, they were actually famed for their strength. Each stone that these zombies threw would certainly have great strength behind it.</p>

  <p>Fortunately for the Mages, they already had protective measures on their bodies. Because of this, the stones didn’t pose too much of a threat to them. And these Mages weren’t just standing targets, they immediately launched their own magic towards the Undead. And after passing through layers of formations, the might of these spells couldn’t be underestimated. It didn’t take long before the Mages were able to decimate the more than 1000 Undead.</p>

  <p>However, the Mages only managed to destroy the Undead. Their original target, the malicious ghosts, remained unharmed.</p>

  <p>Not only did the malicious ghosts remained uninjured, the sounds of fighting also attracted the nearby beasts. The strange thing was, although the beasts could sense the malicious ghosts, both of them were actually living in peace. They seem to have a mutual understanding that the Mages were their enemy.</p>

  <p>These beasts weren’t simple. When Zhao Hai scanned them using his spiritual force, these beasts actually reacted. This reaction surprised Zhao Hai the most.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s spiritual force was very hard to detect. However, these beasts actually managed to faintly sense it. Zhao Hai also discovered that these beasts and malicious ghosts had at least king-level strength. Although their strength couldn’t compare to the Mages present, this didn’t mean that they couldn’t do anything.</p>

  <p>Although Magic Theory produced great power, its requirements for spiritual force was also quite huge. These Mages had just ascended, even the staff they used were from the lower realms. If these Mages exhaust themselves, then they wouldn’t be able to stop the assault coming from the malicious ghosts and the beasts.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai sat inside the Space and looked at the monitor. The malicious ghosts and the beasts had encircled the six Mages, prepared to attack at any time. However, the Mages were clueless about this development, they just continued to advance with caution.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai could see that the environment of the tunnel closely resembled the Underworld. Not only was its dark energy dense, it also had a slight suppression on the soul. This caused the strength of the people inside it to be suppressed. However, Zhao Hai already accustomed himself to the Underworld, and with his formidable spiritual force, this effect didn’t have any use to him.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knew that these Mages wouldn’t live for long. The malicious ghosts and the beasts had coordinated themselves well. Currently, the Mages still had enough strength to put up a fight. But once they run out of energy, these malicious ghosts and beasts would definitely be impolite.</p>

  <p>However, this development didn’t make Zhao Hai glad. Even his feeling of watching a movie had disappeared. The movements of these malicious ghosts and beasts were very unusual. They were too smart and knew how to work with each other. This wasn’t something that ordinary ghosts nor beasts could do.</p>

  <p>Naturally, this didn’t necessarily mean that these malicious ghosts and beasts were under someone’s control. In fact, there was a very small probability for this to happen. Dark cultivators would never choose Tyro planet. Even if this tunnel had thick yin energy, almost similar to the Underworld, there were much better places for them to go in the Cultivation Realm.</p>

  <p>Instead of being under someone’s control, all signs indicated that these malicious ghosts and beasts were probably protecting something. The question now was, what were they protecting?</p>

  <p>Does this tunnel have something like the Underworld’s giant heart? Was it worth their protection?</p>

  <p>The thought of this caused Zhao Hai’s brows to wrinkle even more. Laura and the others had no time to notice Zhao Hai’s expression at this time. Currently, all of their eyes were stuck on the monitor. They were completely immersed in this horror story happening in front of them.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gently waved his hand, causing another smaller monitor to appear in front of him. Shown on this screen were the four Warriors from the Wild Academy. Hearing the battle between the Mages and the Undead, the four Warriors decided to come.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t stop them, and he didn’t have any reason to. Although the Ashley Family had some friendship with the Northwild family, Zhao Hai could see that this relationship wasn’t that deep. Otherwise, when Margaret asked their instructor to team up, they wouldn’t have disagreed.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai had certain classifications for people. The first type were his family, like Laura and the others. If someone dared to make a move on his family, then they would die!</p>

  <p>The second type&#160; were his friends like Dins and the others. Although Zhao Hai would provide them help during their difficult time, he wouldn’t treat them as though they were his family. And if there came a time where Dins and the others could help him but didn’t, then that would be the time to end their friendship.</p>

  <p>The third type of people were passers-by. These people had no relationship with him. He wouldn’t go out of his way to give them a hand. To him, they didn’t matter. After all, he wasn’t a saint.</p>

  <p>The last type were his enemies. Needless to say, they were people he needed to eliminate.</p>

  <p>To Zhao Hai, people from the Wild Academy were passers-by. Their lives didn’t matter to him. He wouldn’t kill them, but he also wouldn’t stop them if they were courting death.</p>

  <p>Just before the Warriors from the Wild Academy reach the Adam Academy’s Mages, the beasts suddenly began their attack. Meanwhile, the malicious ghosts stayed put.</p>

  <p>However, those dark beasts were enough to deal with the Mages. All in all, there were 12 dark beasts with strengths equal or greater than king-level experts in the Underworld. Most importantly, although the energy inside these beasts were dark, they weren’t Undead, thus they were alive. In turn, this gave them the ability to resist light magic.</p>

  <p>Of the 12 dark beasts, 10 looked like wolves. But instead of fur, they had scales on their bodies, making them look more terrifying.</p>

  <p>The other two beasts had the form of snakes. Their entire body was black and covered in scales, making them fully integrate into the darkness. These snakes didn’t look strong and could even be grabbed by one’s hand. However, the snakes were very long, both of them had bodies that extended 20 meters out.</p>

  <p>While searching for information about Tyro Planet, Zhao Hai was introduced to these snakes. In fact, these snakes were quite famous in the planet. They were relatives of Ironthread Snakes, known as Poisonous Ironthread Serpents!</p>

  <p>Poisonous Ironthread Serpents were beasts unique to Tyro Planet. Their bodies were harder than iron and comparable to steel. Most importantly, their poison was very lethal; even their scales were poisonous. If one was bitten by this snake, even level four Warriors wouldn’t be able to survive.</p>

  <p>The wolves weren’t simple either. They were known as Poisonscale Wolves. They were beasts that lived in a pack of five to ten members. They weren’t strong but all of them were poisonous. They were also able to spit poison from their mouth. Their poison could corrode battle qi and magic. If the poison hits a human, the person would soon dissolve into black liquid.</p>

  <p>Naturally, these things weren’t found by Zhao Hai. They were all presented to him by Laura and the others. After knowing that Zhao Hai was heading to Tyro Planet, Laura and the others began to check for information regarding the place. Tyro Planet was relatively famous in the Machine Field, so they were able to find information about the planet quite easily. While they were browsing, they were able to find information about the Poisonous Ironthread Serpents as well as the Poisonscale Wolves.</p>

  <p>The Poisonscale Wolves slowly came out of the shadows, coming under the light produced by light magic. The range of the Old Mage’s light element magic was now smaller than before. It was obvious that he was beginning to be exhausted.</p>

  <p>Seeing the Poisonscale Wolves, the expressions of the Mages couldn’t help but change. They were here to eliminate malicious ghosts, they didn’t expect to meet poisonscale wolves. They weren’t fools, so after arriving at Tyro Planet, they immediately searched for information about the planet. Therefore, they were aware about how terrifying these wolves were.</p>

  <p>Upon seeing the wolves, a young Mage couldn’t help but say, “Poisonscale Wolves? Why are they here? Where are the malicious ghosts?”</p>

  <p>Nobody replied to him, causing the Mage’s face to turn uglier. At this time, the poisonscale wolves began to launch their attack. As the wolves attacked, the two poisonous ironthread serpents began to scale the walls of the cave.&#160;</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but frown upon seeing the wolves. Although poisonscale wolves were quite strong, they don’t seem to be able to fly. In the lower realms, those with the same strength as the wolves were able to fly, so why weren’t these wolves flying?</p>

  <p>It was certainly strange.</p>

  <p>While Zhao Hai was thinking about this, the poisonscale wolves swarmed the six Mages. The malicious ghosts and snakes stayed put, preparing to stage an ambush if an opportunity came.&#160;</p>
</body>
</html>