<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 691: Preparation</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Even if that’s not a lot, it isn’t little either. Alright, then we’ll head outside the city and have you control these undead. After everyone subdues enough undead, I shall be heading to do other matters.”</p>

  <p>Naturally, Tywin and the others didn’t oppose to this. After all, this was very good for them. They never thought that Zhao Hai would harm them anyway. At this point, they have become true followers of Zhao Hai. If Zhao Hai wanted to harm them, then he wouldn’t have made them 9th ranks. Zhao Hai had their complete trust.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai quickly led the group outside Demon City. Then he released large quantities of undead. Among these undead were the ones they obtained from the Demonic Abyss, there were both human-shaped and beast-shaped undead, but this didn’t matter for Dark Mages. Naturally, although the undead have been subdued, Zhao Hai can still override the commands of the Gan Family Dark Mages. As far as Zhao Hai knew, he was just commanding the undead to follow the Gan Family’s orders.</p>

  <p>Since Zhao Hai ordered them, the transition of control for the undead came very smoothly. Otherwise, Tywin and the others wouldn’t have done it. After all, the undead were 9th ranks as well.</p>

  <p>It didn’t take long before the undead were controlled. Zhao Hai looked at Tywin and said, “You are already quite familiar with the surroundings here. So I’ll leave the deployment of the undead to you. We should be done preparing before the Demons arrive tomorrow. I’ll be returning to the city in order to handle other matters.”</p>

  <p>Tywin immediately replied, “Young Master, let me go back with you. I am very familiar with Demon City. I can assist you with the minute things, saving you the trouble of doing them.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “You stay here. I’m just going back to your residence to take a rest, I’ll come back here later. You don’t need to worry about me.”</p>

  <p>Tywin didn’t say anything more, he just nodded. After that, Zhao Hai returned to the city and then entered the Gan Family’s residence. Berry was still right by him.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai entered the Gan Family’s residence, he turned to Berry and said, “Berry, if you are really determined to be with me, then I will lead to see my wives now. I shall not be impartial in treating you. I just hope that you can live together with them harmoniously. Can you do that?”</p>

  <p>Berry looked at Zhao Hai and said, “You are the man that I chose. Naturally, I will listen to your words.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, then I shall show you my biggest secret.” Then along with Berry, Zhao Hai’s body flashed as he entered the Space.</p>

  <p>Berry couldn’t help but stare blankly at the scenery in the Space. Although the Demons had always thought about how beautiful the Ark Continent was, Berry still lived in the Demon Realm for all of her life. She had also seen Demon City, however, since the place was made in order to survey the Demonic Abyss, there wasn’t much to see. On the other hand, the scenery inside the Space was very beautiful, even in the Ark Continent’s standards. For someone who lived in the Demon Realm since birth, it wasn’t a wonder for Berry to be enthralled by the Space’s scenery.</p>

  <p>At this time, the door of the villa opened as Laura and the others walked out. The women had already learned about the Succubus clan from Cai’er. To be honest, they were somewhat jealous. However, they weren’t stingy, they didn’t wish misfortune on this new arrival. Because of this, they had decided to treat Berry well.</p>

  <p>Actually, Laura and the others’ reaction was something that Zhao Hai used to be surprised at. Zhao Hai had read a lot of novels back on Earth. And in all of those novels, women were always jealous whenever a new female arrives. However, it seems like Laura and the others didn’t seem to look jealous. This made Zhao Hai unable to understand what they were thinking.</p>

  <p>Later on, Zhao Hai asked Laura why they weren’t jealous. But he was just met with strange looks from Laura and the others. Then Zhao Hai got his answer; in the continent, even a man with little skill would have more than one wife. In fact, if they were to think about it, with Zhao Hai’s status, his number of wives was actually very small.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile bitterly upon hearing this response. He had been stuck with his Earth mentality and was still unable to adapt to the Ark Continent. On Earth, everyone was unanimously leaning towards monogamy. On the other hand, in Ark Continent, it was simply normal for a man to have several wives.</p>

  <p>Because of this, Zhao Hai wasn’t surprised when he saw his wives’ current response. He nodded to Laura and the others and then turned to Berry, “Berry, these are my wives, Laura, Megan, Meg, Lizzy, and Ni’er. You must go along with them later on. You’ll be living with them from now on too. They will also introduce to you everything that is here.”</p>

  <p>Berry nodded, although she still had her cold expression, Zhao Hai can see that she had a look of dependence in her eyes.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai understood that this was a natural reaction from Berry. She has been living alone in the Demon Realm all her life. In this new environment, she couldn’t help but do her best to adapt. And now that she had Zhao Hai as her husband, it wasn’t strange for her to depend on him.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and Berry and said, “There’s no need to be worried here. This is my Space, as long as I don’t give my permission, nobody would be able to come here. Rest assured, there will be no problems here.”</p>

  <p>Berry nodded, then Laura went towards her and said, “Berry, don’t worry, Brother Hai is a good person. Later on, we’ll be sisters living together. Come with me, I shall tell you everything there is in this mysterious Space.” Then she pulled Berry over towards the Villa.</p>

  <p>Berry didn’t react too much as she followed Laura towards the villa. However, when they reached the entrance, Berry couldn’t help but stop. She looked at the villa and couldn’t help but change her expression, she turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, what’s this all about?”[1]</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, then he said, “What? Is there something wrong?”</p>

  <p>Berry pointed towards the seven-colored flower that covered the entirety of the villa, her finger trembling while doing so. When Zhao Hai saw her pointing towards the seven-colored flower, he understood what she meant. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but chuckle as he said, “Oh, you mean Cai’er? You should be familiar with this plant, right?”</p>

  <p>Berry nodded and said, “I’m quite familiar with it, however, why is the Holy Flower growing here? This flower only grows in the Demon Realm, how can it appear in this place?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai faintly smiled and said, “Cai’er, come out and see Berry. Introduce yourself” Then Zhao Hai felt wings lightly flapping right by his face as Cai’er appeared. “Young Master, you always make me do a lot of things. I’m quite busy, you know? Unlike you who are living a relaxed life every day.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and then turned to Berry and said, “Berry, this is Cai’er, the flower sprite of the seven-colored flower. She is also the main body of the seven-colored flower that you have been seeing in the Demon Realm.”</p>

  <p>Berry stared at Cai’er as Cai’er looked back. Then Cai’er smiled and said, “What? Shocked, little Succubus? In your Demon Realm, you should have spotted my flowers everywhere. Hehe. Small Succubus, your kind had always underestimated my existence. I’ll let you know that I am the longest living being in the Demon Realm, and also the most influential. All of the seven-colored flower that you had seen are all my branches.”[2]</p>

  <p>Berry was blankly staring as she listened to Cai’er’s words. After some time, she recovered and turned to Zhao Haim, “Brother Hai, is this true?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and then smiled, “It’s true. The reason I know about the Demon Realm was because of Cai’er. Alright, you’ll find out about more things as you explore the Space later on. Let’s enter the living room for now, we still have some things to discuss.” Then the group entered the villa.</p>

  <p>Upon entering the villa, Zhao Hai immediately cycled through his messenger fishes as he gave the various Patriarchs and Monarchs of the continent a message, informing them that the war would come earlier than they expected. At the same time, Zhao Hai also gave the Buddha Emperor instructions to prepare his citizens to migrate. Also, Zhao Hai ordered Evan and Ruyen to reinforce the border between the Buddha and Lyon Empire while allowing passage for the Buddha Empire refugees as well as to take care of them properly.</p>

  <p>Of course, this wasn’t an easy thing for an Empire to do. But fortunately, Zhao Hai already made ample preparations. At this time, the Buddha Empire’s migration towards the Lyon Empire was already well organized.</p>

  <p>One shouldn’t underestimate this mass migration. There were a lot of matters involved in such a movement. Especially in terms of food and lodging for the refugees.</p>

  <p>Fortunately, Zhao Hai has the Space, supplying all of the much needed grain. As for lodging, the Lyon Empire doesn’t lack it. This made the job twice as efficient with half of the effort.</p>

  <p>Although the Buddha Emperor wasn’t willing to evacuate his entire Empire, he also understood that the Demons couldn’t be easily dealt with. If he insisted for his people to stay, then the Demons would only kill them. Therefore, he had no choice by to agree to Zhao Hai’s plan.</p>

  <p>At the same time, the Dwarves and the Elves had prepared themselves. Zhao Hai shifted all of the valuable Dwarf materials over to the Black Wasteland. However, the Dwarves weren’t planning to fully evacuate out of their mountain. They wanted to use the mountain to ambush the Demons. Naturally, those who stayed in the mountain were the Dwarven Warriors. The women and children were already sent to the Black Wasteland. There was no other way, after all, the Dwarves were inside the Buddha Empire, which was quite close to the Demonic Abyss.</p>

  <p>The Elves did the same, those who had no fighting power were all sent to the Black Wasteland while the Elven Warriors stayed. They were prepared to use the forest in order to combat the Demon Race.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was quite assured when it came to these two races. Their fighting powers weren’t weak, and additionally, they had terrain advantage, giving them huge benefits during the war. Zhao Hai wasn’t worried about them.</p>

  <p>On the other hand, there were currently a lot of people in the Black Wasteland. It would take a long time for these people to be settled down. Fortunately, Zhao Hai has the Space. He can just easily transport Beastmen tents for them to live in, allowing the construction of houses to slowly proceed.</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">* * *</p>

  <p>Its supposed to be “Elder Brother Hai”. However, I have this inclination that Berry is much much older than Zhao Hai. xD”</p>

  <p>First time I knew this :/ As for the ‘influential’ part, I think it’s about how seven-colored flowers are the staple food in the Demon realm.</p>
</body>
</html>