<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 640: Attitude</h3>

  <p>Alex told his clansmen about the situation, they truly are worthy to be Dragons. The people of this clan did indeed have hard bones. After listening to Alex, it didn’t matter whether they were old or young, nobody in the hall flinched. Everyone was in one mind, not one of them wanted to work as a slave.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai saw the response of the Sea Dragons while he was inside the Space. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile over the two days, he was liking these Sea Dragons more and more.</p>

  <p>Upon seeing that the Sea Dragons have arrived, Zhao Hai knew that it was time to show himself. He didn’t use his Space and just used his Blade Scale Whale to head towards Dragon Palace.</p>

  <p>Dragon Palace was currently surrounded by Sea Dragons as well as their lesser relatives. Although they had less strength than the Sea Dragons, these Lesser Dragons still had the blood of Dragons within them. Their strength was still quite formidable.</p>

  <p>These Lesser Dragons were guarding the surroundings of the Dragon Palace. All of them looked at Zhao Hai with discerning eyes. These people were absolutely loyal to Dragons. Even though they weren’t Dragons themselves, they were still descended from them. Among the Sea Dragons were their parents, so how could they betray them?</p>

  <p>Even if their status wasn’t high in the Sea Dragon Clan, they were still representatives of the clan to the other tribes. No other tribe would dare move them. Moreover, whenever the Sea Dragons need anything, the ones who would act would be these Lesser Dragons. This stemmed an interdependent relationship between the two of them. Although most of them were the children of two Lesser Dragon parents, they still couldn’t let go of their relationship with the Dragon Race.</p>

  <p>These Dragons held their word with extreme importance. Once they said that they would submit to Zhao Hai, then they would submit to Zhao Hai. However, if Zhao Hai treats them like a slave, then these Sea Dragons would surely fight even at the risk of their life.</p>

  <p>Therefore, these Lesser Dragons were quite hostile to Zhao Hai. They wanted to know how Zhao Hai plans to treat them.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s Blade Scale Whale arrived at Dragon Palace. Since there was no water inside the Palace, Zhao Hai stopped his whale right outside of the place. Then he took Laura and the others to see the people waiting inside. All of the Sea Dragons were currently looking at Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and didn’t dare become arrogant, he bowed to the people and said, “Zhao Hai Buda requests an audience with the Patriarch of the Sea Dragon Clan.”</p>

  <p>The Sea Dragons gawked at Zhao Hai’s manners. Their face changed, but one of them said, “We have met Mister Zhao Hai. We have been sent by the Patriarch to welcome Mister.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Then I’ll have to trouble everyone.’ Then he walked towards the hall with the others. Zhao Hai’s attitude was seen by all the Sea Dragons as well as the Lesser Dragons. Seeing Zhao Hai’s manners, they couldn’t help but change their view of him by a little bit.</p>

  <p>Alex had told them about how powerful Zhao Hai was. He also told them that if Zhao Hai didn’t have a bad attitude, he wouldn’t have been worried that they would be humiliated. However, he was desperate at that time so he didn’t have any choice. Because of this, their expectations of Zhao Hai was different that what he was showing right now. This made the Sea Dragons and the Lesser Dragons very surprised.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t care about any of these as he arrived inside the hall along with the group of Sea Dragons. The coral was very huge and had underwent a lot of renovations by the Sea Dragons. There were many palaces inside the entire Dragon Palace and they held no difference compared to the palaces in the continent, it might even be more beautiful compared to those. The palaces of the continent didn’t have as much pearls and crystals as those inside Dragon Palace.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai followed the Sea Dragons towards the Dragon Temple inside the Palace. This Dragon Temple was the largest hall inside the Dragon palace. It was also the place where Alex and the elders decided to greet their guest. Usually, Alex wouldn’t be here, he would only be inside his palace.</p>

  <p>Before the entrance of the hall, two Sea Dragons stood guard. When the two saw Zhao Hai arrive along with the other Sea Dragons, both of them announced, “Mister Zhao Hai has arrived!”</p>

  <p>Then the two turned their heads to Zhao Hai and bowed, “We invite Mister Zhao Hai to enter.” Then they shoved the door of the Great Hall open. Zhao Hai expressed his gratitude to the two before leading Laura and the others towards the hall.</p>

  <p>As soon as he arrived inside the Hall, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare. There were a lot of people inside the hall, some of these were elder Sea Dragons while some were 9th rank experts of the Sea Dragons. It can be seen that the people present here didn’t have ordinary status.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly, then he took several steps forward before bowing to Alex, who was currently on a high platform, &#160;and said, “Zhao Hai has seen Patriarch Alex.”</p>

  <p>Alex gawked at Zhao Hai’s attitude, he returned the bow and said, “We welcome Mister Zhao Hai. Mister, the entire Clan is already here. I don’t know how Mister plans to deal with us.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “The Sea Dragons and the Mermaids wouldn’t be harmonious after this. I’m afraid that the Sea Dragons don’t have a place in the seas anymore. I have my own place which also has a sea. That place didn’t have any Fishman in it, only a few marine magic beasts. I want to move the Sea Dragons to that place. What does Patriarch think about this?”</p>

  <p>After hearing Zhao Hai speak, the hall immediately turned into a sea of murmurs. These Sea Dragons have lived in this sea for generations. And they were also clear that this endless sea was the only large sea in the entire Ark Continent. They had not heard of any seas that didn’t have a Fishman tribe and only having marine magic beasts.</p>

  <p>Alex frowned as he looked at Zhao Hai, “Mister, are you joking with me? I don’t think there’s such a place in this world. If there is really such a place, then we’ll be extremely willing to move.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Then, I’ll have to ask the Patriarch to have all of the Sea Dragons and the Lesser Dragons be inside Dragon Palace. After that, I’ll be sending you to that place.”</p>

  <p>Seeing that Zhao Hai seems to be serious about this, Alex couldn’t help but nod. In any case, things have already reached this point. Even if he wants to hide, he wouldn’t be able to hide. In addition, Zhao Hai was very respectful to them, his attitude was not bad. Therefore, Alex turned to the people outside the hall, “Have everyone come inside the Palace.” Then the people outside issued a sound before going off. Before long, the Sea Dragons and Lesser Dragons had come into the Palace. Although they didn’t know about what was happening, they still didn’t ask any questions.</p>

  <p>After talking to Alex, Zhao Hai just stayed there, standing calmly. He even closed his eyes as though he wasn’t curious about anything. On the other hand, Laura and the others were sizing Alex up as well as everyone inside the hall.</p>

  <p>Before long, people from the outside had sent word, “Reporting to the Patriarch, everybody has entered Dragon Palace.”</p>

  <p>Alex nodded, then he turned to look at Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai slowly opened his eyes and then said, “Great, now I ask the Patriarch to have a look outside.”</p>

  <p>Alex was confused at what Zhao Hai just said, “Look outside? What does Mister mean?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “We already arrived at the place that I said. I want to ask the Patriarch to see if he likes it.”</p>

  <p>Alex stared, he was thinking that Zhao Hai might be cracking a joke. But Zhao Hai’s expression told him that he was serious. Although he was confused, he still walked outside.</p>

  <p>After Alex went out, he couldn’t help but gawk. This was because even if there were still underwater, Alex can feel that they were somewhere different.</p>

  <p>Dragon Palace had already stopped at its position for a long time. Therefore, Alex was quite familiar about its surroundings. However, the reefs and plants that was currently around him had become different. Alex can be sure about this due to the magic beasts swimming around the coral reefs. He can see that these things didn’t have any traces of Fishman activities.</p>

  <p>At this time, Illac also arrived, he was in charge of keeping the other Sea Dragons and Lesser Dragons in control. Therefore, when Alex saw Illac, he immediately said, “Illac, what’s all this about? How come everything around us changed?”</p>

  <p>Illac was stern faced as he shook his head. “Patriarch, I have no idea. When I asked everyone to go inside the Dragon Palace. I only felt a small fluctuation on the water around me. Then the scenery changed.”</p>

  <p>Alex turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, where is this?”</p>

  <p>Zhao hai smiled faintly and said, ‘This is the Sea Dragons’ new home. As for what this place is, I ask the Patriarch to join me to the surface. I’ll explain everything to the Patriarch.” When the Sea Dragons entered the Space, a prompt was immediately heard. It seems like the Space was considering the Sea Dragons as an intelligent race, so it cannot subdue them immediately. Zhao Hai didn’t care, since the Sea Dragons have entered the Space, everything else will be easy to do. He had already calculated what would happen.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai joined the Sea Dragons as they slowly went to the surface. Upon reaching the surface, Alex and the others were shocked. This wasn’t the endless sea, they knew this because they can see land in a not so far place. On this land were plants and houses. The atmosphere of the place was also very different from the Ark Continent.</p>

  <p>Alex turned his head to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, this, where are we?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “This is my Buda Clan’s territory, my Clan’s root. This is also my domain. Here, I am a god!”</p>

  <p>Alex was confused at Zhao hai, “Mister, you mean that including the sea, everything here belongs to the Buda Clan? We aren’t in the continent anymore?”</p>
</body>
</html>