<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1310: Golden Sprite Murdoch</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai was currently standing on top of a wall alongside Yuan. But this time, they weren’t at Yuan’s fort. Instead, they were in another fort. This was the fort that had been constantly harassed by the Sprites.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai appeared this time because the Machine Field’s action against the Sprites was about to begin. The giant net around the Sprites has been formed. The only thing left to do was for Yuan to be the bait.</p>

  <p>Along with Yuan were 100 people. These 100 people were all from Yuan and Liu Zhen’s camp. These were the people who had their weapons made by Zhao Hai. They were now waiting for the Sprites to come provoke them. As long as the Sprites come, they would immediately charge out and then enter their ambush region. Once the Sprites bite the bait, the encirclement would begin to move.</p>

  <p>The Sprites didn’t disappoint Zhao Hai and the others. Right when the clock struck 9 am, the Sprites appeared. The reason why Zhao Hai and the others were prepared was because the actions of the Sprites were very regular. They would only attack about a dozen forts in a region at 9 am then they would retreat immediately.</p>

  <p>This pattern has been noticed by Yuan and the others but they pretended to not know about it. However, the Sprites might also be doing this intentionally. They wanted Yuan and the others to discover the pattern so that they would wait for them in time. And then when they retreat, Yuan would lead his team to pursue.</p>

  <p>Sure enough, as soon as the Sprites appeared, Yuan was already waiting for them. The Sprites also discovered Zhao Hai. However, without saying a word they turned around and ran.</p>

  <p>Yuan angrily said, “Pursue! Kill those bastards!” Then as he said that, he flew and chased the Sprites. Zhao Hai and the others also flew closely behind.</p>

  <p>At this point, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but admire Yuan. His movement as well as expression was flawless. You couldn’t see that he was just acting. Even the mood in his voice was perfect.</p>

  <p>The Sprites discovered that Yuan was different today. In the past, Yuan would still pursue them, but not to this extent. But this time, it seems like Yuan was intent on pursuing them to the depths of hell. And this was what the Sprites wanted.</p>

  <p>The chase continued on until they had left the partially controlled territory of the Machine Field. Once this happened, Zhao Hai and the others began to be careful. They all took out their weapons because they knew that they would soon enter the Sprites’ ambush region.</p>

  <p>Yuan was still roaring with anger as he kept chasing behind the Sprites. But Zhao Hai could also notice that Yuan was looking at his left and right sides from time to time as if paying attention to the surroundings.</p>

  <p>Before long, Zhao Hai and the others entered the ambush area. The moment they went in, the dense forest around them immediately became tree spirits and moved forward.</p>

  <p>Upon seeing this situation, Yuan loudly said, “Not good, this is an ambush! Formations!” Then everyone immediately went into a circle formation. At the same time, Zhao Hai released a large number of Undead as he surveyed the situation around them.</p>

  <p>The tree spirits didn’t immediately attack Zhao Hai and the others. Instead, they stopped when they got close. Then a few Sprites walked in between the tree spirits. The leader of the Sprites was someone that Zhao Hai hadn’t seen before. This Sprite looked very young. His eyes were half-open as if he wasn’t interested in the things around him.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t know what these Sprites were planning to do. Instead of attacking, they paused. Do they want to talk? Was it that if they don’t talk, their mouths will itch?</p>

  <p>When the Sprites reached about 100 meters away, the lead Sprite looked at the group. Then his eyes stopped on Zhao Hai as he said, “Zhao Hai, we finally meet.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai as well as Yuan and the others couldn’t help but stare. They thought that the ambush was for Yuan and the others. Why is the situation not what they expected?</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the Sprite and said, “Who are you? Do we know each other?”</p>

  <p>The Sprite chuckled and said, “You do not know me, but I have heard of you. I came here today for you. My name is Murdoch. My friends here in the Six Realms Battlefield have given me face and called me the Golden Sprite!”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing the Golden Sprite nickname, Zhao Hai could feel Yuan sucking in cold breath. Zhao Hai looked at Yuan in confusion. Yuan smiled bitterly and said, “Golden Sprite is a formidable Nascent Soul expert of the Sprites. It has been a long time since he made a move. Rumors say that he’s only half-step away from Transcending Tribulation. His life source spirit is a metal spirit. His spirit can be very hard or be soft and can transform into any weapon. It is very powerful. He is said to be invincible under Transcending Tribulation.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai asked, “Even Cultivators aren’t his opponent?”</p>

  <p>Yuan bitterly nodded and said, “Correct. Even Cultivators aren’t his opponents. This is because he went to Yellowsand Planet once and condensed astral qi into his body. This made his attacks very powerful.”</p>

  <p>As soon as Zhao Hai heard Yuan say this, his eyes lit up. Then he turned to Murdoch and cupped his fist as he said, “So it turns out to be Elder Golden Sprite. It’s an honor that you came here personally. So why did the elder come here today?”</p>

  <p>Murdoch looked at Zhao Hai, then he suddenly laughed as he said, “This old man wanted to see you. I heard that you are a very rare genius of the Machine Field. Originally, this old man didn’t believe the rumors, but now this old man is convinced. Hahaha. You can still keep your calm even after knowing who this old man is. Very good, very good.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Did Senior come for me? If that is the case, then this Zhao Hai will not run. However, how about Senior let the others go?”</p>

  <p>Murdoch laughed and said, “Zhao Hai, don’t ruin this old man’s impression of you. You’re a smart kid, so you should know that these people cannot escape today. Moreover, do you think that this old man doesn’t know that you can use space magic? If you want to run, then even this old man will have trouble stopping you. Zhao Hai, you will die today. If you run, then this old man will order the death of everyone from the Machine Field.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “So if I don’t run, Senior wouldn’t kill them? It would be better for me to run and then take revenge later on. Wouldn’t that be better?”</p>

  <p>Murdoch smiled and said, “You’re not that kind of person. If you run now and ignore these people, then you are no longer worth this old man’s attention.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai just smiled and didn’t say anything. Murdoch looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Zhao Hai, you’re outstanding, too outstanding that you’re becoming a threat to the Sprites. Therefore, you must die today. This old man even came here today. After all, I can’t help having an excellent young man die in my hands.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh as he said, “Senior, you seem to be very confident that you can hold me back.”</p>

  <p>Murdoch smiled faintly. His smile showed his confidence. Then he waved his hand, signalling to the Sprites to return. Then when they returned, stone spirits, earth spirits, wind spirits, and tree spirits began their attack.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai released 20 thousand Undead to combat the approaching spirits. Moreover, the Undead that Zhao Hai released weren’t only Skeletons, he also released Vampires, Lich, and Zombies. When these Undead appeared, Yuan and the others couldn’t help but get startled. They didn’t expect Zhao Hai to have this many undead. Even Xiong Li and the others were surprised. They didn’t know that Zhao Hai had so many types of Undead.</p>

  <p>However, Xiong Li and the others knew that this wasn’t everything that Zhao Hai had. This was because they saw Zhao Hai release more Undead back in the Bug Caves.</p>

  <p>The Sprites were similarly startled. They didn’t expect Zhao Hai to have so many Undead. However, they already prepared for this scenario. A large number of trees and stones were made into spirits by the Sprites.</p>

  <p>Both sides were in a stalemate for a while. Meanwhile. Yuan and the others didn’t have a chance to attack. Some people originally wanted to release sword qi to help Zhao Hai. However, they were stopped by Yuan. Yuan knew that Zhao Hai was currently forcing the Sprites to use their life source spirits. And these life source spirits weren’t easy to deal with. It would be very hard for Yuan and the others to join the fight.</p>

  <p>Sure enough, when the Sprites saw that their normal spirits weren’t able to threaten Zhao Hai, some of them immediately released their own life source spirits. Then they had these life source spirits join the fight.</p>

  <p>With how strong life source spirits were, as soon as they joined the fight, the situation quickly reversed. The Undead released by Zhao Hai began to be pushed back repeatedly. Yuan and the others were now preparing to make a move.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai still didn’t take action. This was because the Sprites who released their life source spirits were at Core Formation Strength. Moreover, they only numbered 200. The Sprites had yet to give their best.</p>

  <p>Although the Undead were being pushed back, they were still tenaciously holding off the attacks of the Sprites. This caused Murdoch’s expression to turn ugly. They already dispatched so many people and even used 200 life source spirits, yet they were still unable to deal with Zhao Hai. This caused the Sprites to lose face. Murdoch waved his hand causing 300 more life source spirits entering the battle.</p>

  <p>This time, Zhao Hai’s side began to crumble. Zhao Hai only released the Undead to temporarily stop the Sprites spirit summons, not life source spirits. Large numbers of Undead began to be eliminated, their soul fires were being put out.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai felt aggrieved by this. He didn’t want to show off a lot of his strength, so he could only release these Undead. But now, these Undead were beginning to die. This caused Zhao Hai to feel distressed.</p>
</body>
</html>