<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 645: Soul Sucking Reef</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai was calm while listening to Luo Ying, but was actually very excited deep inside. Luo Ying said that others weren’t able to use this method of refining due to the lack of water purifying methods. However, this wasn’t a problem for Zhao Hai. One shouldn’t forget that Zhao Hai has Bubble, the source of Myriad Water. Bubble was more than qualified to be used as a helper for Water Refining.</p>

  <p>After Luo Ying finished talking, Zhao Hai showed a faint smile and said, “I ask the General to still convey my request to Her Majesty. I want to use this Water Refining technique as a reference. The General should know how much importance I place in this war with the Divine Race, but when the war starts, we would need to have a lot of weapons. Relying on Human and Dwarf artisans simply wouldn’t do. Therefore, I want to add this Water Refining Technique to the equation and see if it can help with the demand.”</p>

  <p>When she heard Zhao Hai, Luo Ying immediately nodded and said, “Mister can rest assured, I will surely take responsibility for this matter. Our Water Refining Technique isn’t a secret, it just needs appropriate preparations. However, I can assure you that this method has its own brilliant methods. Mister, you can handle your matters first. When you come back, I will have the Water Refining technique to give you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Alright, then I’ll have to trouble the General. I’ll be heading to the Soul Sucking Reef now, farewell.”</p>

  <p>Luo Ying stood up and gave Zhao Hai a salute, “I wish for Mister’s good luck.” Zhao Hai returned the gesture and then smiled faintly before turning around to leave.</p>

  <p>After returning to the blade scale whale, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh. Laura looked at Zhao Hai and smiled, “Brother Hai, I didn’t expect that obtaining the Mermaid Clan’s Water Refining Technique would be that smooth.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “The Mermaids do care about the other Fishmen, but since no other race had the ability to purify water, they weren’t able to pass this technique around. Even if they spread the method, nobody would be able to use it. But we have Bubble, although I get angry every time I see him, at least we had found a use for him.”</p>

  <p>When Laura heard Zhao Hai, she couldn’t help but chuckle. Bubble was really an interesting thing, he was quite bold and loved to mingle with the ladies. Seeing Bubble makes Zhao Hai feel discomfort.</p>

  <p>However, Laura and the others didn’t care about this. In their eyes, Bubble was like a small pet that was just a bit smart. Bubble has also been like this, so it was impossible to change him. More importantly, Bubble makes Zhao Hai jealous.</p>

  <p>To be honest, Laura and the others loved seeing Zhao Hai being jealous of Bubble. It was because this meant that Zhao Hai really did treasure them.</p>

  <p>Lizzy chuckled as well and said, “Big Brother Hai, do you think that this Water Refining Technique would be something useful?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “With our current techniques, this Water Refining Technique should be of use. Additionally, Father might want to research it. When we get the technique, perhaps he would find some avenues of which to improve on.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy naturally knew that the father that Zhao Hai meant was Karen. The man was a research maniac, therefore Lizzy didn’t become confused and just nodded.</p>

  <p>Then Zhao Hai said, “I want to head to the Soul Sucking Reef to look for the thing that made it suppress the things inside the Devil Trench. If we can find out about it, then it might prove useful in our fight against the Demon Realm.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded and said, “Soul Sucking Reef is truly formidable. Its quite a distance away from the trench, btu it can still sense the Demon Realm’s aura and suppress it. At the same time, it also imprisoned the mutant beasts of the trench.”</p>

  <p>Megan wrinkled her brows and said, “But I haven’t heard of such a formation in this world. Elder Brother Hai, you should ask Luo Ying and see if this formation was something that they had set up.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “There’s no need to ask, it definitely wasn’t them. Otherwise, Luo Ying might have already told us about it when I informed her of my intention to investigate the place. It’s also because of this that made me curious about who had the ability to set up this formation or maybe why the reef came into existence.”</p>

  <p>Megan nodded, if the Mermaid did indeed set up the reef, then they should have already informed the other Fishmen.</p>

  <p>There were two places that the Fishmen couldn’t understand. One of them gave Zhao Hai a God-rank magic beast core which upgraded the Space to level 60, gave Zhao Hai ten more slots for backgrounds, and gave him plants that can become God-ranked. This was a huge harvest.</p>

  <p>As for the other place, they still haven’t investigated it yet. That place was full of mystery and Zhao Hai didn’t want to rashly charge through it. So Zhao Hai decided to take a break and maintain a good condition for himself.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and the others returned to the Space and had a hot bath before taking ample rest. After that, they immediately rode the blade scale whale and headed towards the Soul Sucking Reef.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai hadn’t told Green and the others about the Space’s upgrade yet. Although the Space had raised some Messenger Fishes, their number wasn’t very large. Therefore, Zhao Hai wanted to wait until all of the Fishman race’s matters got dealt with before telling Green and the others everything as well as handing them some Messenger Fish. In any case, they had gone uncommunicative before, and it wasn’t a big deal.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and the others sat in the Space while the blade scale whale swam towards the Soul Sucking Reef. They were eager to know what is inside the place.</p>

  <p>It didn’t take long before the blade scale whale entered the reef. Its insides were beautiful, there were strange shapes everywhere that would attract anyone’s gaze. The inside was like a totally different world, completely detached from the world outside. One might even see the shapes of some of the continent’s animals on the corals.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and the others forgot about their initial purpose of coming here as they gawked at the beautiful scenery. The reef was that beautiful. Besides the reef, there were also a lot of plants as well as small fishes inside. The bodies of these fishes had attractive patterns on them making it extremely adorable to the women. Laura and the others were nudging Zhao Hai to catch some of these fishes.</p>

  <p>Naturally, Zhao Hai didn’t decline, he caught some fishes and placed them in the Space. Laura and the others then had a glass tank and filled it with seawater. Then Zhao Hai placed the small fishes on the glass tank for them to look at.</p>

  <p>Laura and the others were looking at the fishes, swimming around in a very attractive manner. This made Zhao Hai force a smile.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai turned his attention back to the monitor, he wanted to see where they were at, but this made his startled. When Laura and the others heard Zhao Hai, they immediately turned their attention to the screen. The Laura said, “Brother Hai, what’s wrong?” Zhao Hai didn’t speak as he pointed to a corner of the screen. Zhao Hai enlarged the image and showed Laura and the others what was wrong.</p>

  <p>On the screen, Zhao Hai’s group was represented by a small red while the other fishes were green dots. What made Zhao Hai surprised was the movement of their red dot. The red dot was circling around one area, not deviating from this circular course. It was as if it was trapped by something.</p>

  <p>This astonished Zhao Hai, one shouldn’t forget that the blade scale whale is an undead, so it didn’t depend on its eyes for perception. However, it was still trapped, it seems like this Soul Sucking Reef is living up to its reputation.</p>

  <p>Laura and the others also saw what was going on. They couldn’t help but stare in amazement, they didn’t expect that they would experience such a thing.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai immediately came out of the Space and went to the blade scale whale. He sat inside the body and felt that everything was going normal. The whale seems to be going forward and the scenery was constantly changing, he couldn’t see any duplicates in what he saw.</p>

  <p>Laura and the others also went out with Zhao Hai. When they saw the situation, they were shocked, Laura turned her head to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, what’s all this about?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I also don’t know. But I’m sure that this is related to that magic formation. No need to think about it too much, what we have to do is go forward.” Then Zhao Hai didn’t mind the outside scenery as he directed the blade scale whale to go in a straight line. When the whale finally left its circle path, Zhao Hai turned to Laura and said, “Did the scenery change?”</p>

  <p>Laura shook her head and said, “No, it just felt like the whale took a small turn. Everything else didn’t change.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, he now understood how formidable this formation was. It can actually bewitch not only people, but the undead as well. Otherwise, the blade scale whale wouldn’t have been duped.</p>

  <p>However, this had made Zhao Hai even more curious. He now believed that what he would obtain in this place wouldn’t be very simple.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai continued to direct the whale to go in a straight line. A short while after the whale breaks out from its circular path, it would return to going in circles, which would then prompt Zhao Hai to change its course. Fortunately, Zhao Hai had the monitor, otherwise he would be trapped inside this reef.</p>
</body>
</html>