<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1251: Seeking Revenge</h3>

  <p>Although Zhao Hai has a sense of justice, he wasn’t a saint. It was also impossible for him to be saintly all the time. However, when important matters were involved, Zhao Hai can follow his own conscience.</p>

  <p>After being educated for many years back on Earth, Zhao Hai was used to the idea that everyone was born equal. This idea has taken root deep inside Zhao Hai’s mind. And this ideology was also what connected Zhao Hai back to Earth.</p>

  <p>Because of this, how could Zhao Hai possible acknowledge the existence of slavery? He had abolished slavery back in the lower realm. And in the World of Cultivation, human farms existed. So Zhao Hai needed to take care of it.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai wasn’t an ordinary man. Before he makes any move, he would have to consider the possibility of success and failure. If he wanted to help others, then he would have to see to it first that he has the ability. Wanting to help end world hunger while you’re poor was useless. These words were what Zhao Hai thought about the most.</p>

  <p>…………..</p>

  <p>The ranking tournament for the competition was about to begin. Zhao Hai and the others were also leaving Fabio Planet since the tournament would be held in the Cultivation Realm’s Void Arena.</p>

  <p>The Void Arena was a special place in the Cultivation Realm. The Void Arena was in a meteorite field. However, there were no dangers in that particular field. The Void Arena was the largest meteorite in that region. Cultivation Realm’s almighty beings were unable to replicate an arena as large as it. On the side of this huge meteorite were a lot of small meteorites orbiting and looking like they were floating on its surface. On these small floating meteorites were stands constructed for spectators. This allowed people to sit above the arena and see the situation below.</p>

  <p>All previous newcomer tournaments were held in this arena. It had become a convention for the event. Naturally, this wouldn’t change this time.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai rested for the evening before preparing to leave Fabio Planet the next day. To be honest, upon hearing that they were leaving Fabio Planet, the team leaders were very glad. In their opinion, Fabio Planet was too dangerous. It would be better if they left it as soon as possible.</p>

  <p>On the other hand, Zhao Hai and the others weren’t that anxious. They had seen so many bugs underground that they weren’t afraid of the bugs anymore.</p>

  <p>After Zhao Hai got up in the morning, he knew that they would be leaving soon. Therefore, he immediately went out of his room and went straight to Zheng Li’s place. Laura already told him the day before to establish a good relationship with Zheng Li. This way, Zheng Li could help him pay attention to Lu Wei’s affairs. Naturally, since he was planning to deal with Lu Wei, he wouldn’t hold back.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai arrived at Zheng Li’s courtyard, Zheng Li who was also heading out saw him. Zheng LI stared for a moment before he smiled and said, “Little Hai, you came. I initially wanted to see you off. I didn’t expect you to come here. Come over and take a seat.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hao nodded and then entered Zheng Li’s courtyard. Zheng Li’s place wasn’t very big. However, the entire courtyard belonged to him alone. Nobody could disturb him so it was very quiet.</p>

  <p>Zheng Li was about to prepare some tea but Zhao Hai stopped him. Then Zhao Hai looked at Zheng Li and said, “Brother Zheng, we’re about to go soon so that we can prepare for the ranking tournament. Therefore, I came here to say goodbye.”</p>

  <p>Zheng Li nodded, then he patted Zhao Hai’s shoulder and said, “Little Hai, I know that you are strong, and you can easily snatch the first place in the rankings. But you still need to be careful. You have offended Extreme Cold City as well as the Three Mountain Alliance. They would never let you go.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Brother Zheng, rest assured, I’m aware of it. Right, let me give this to you. With this, we can keep in touch even after I leave.”&#160;</p>

  <p>As he said that, Zhao Hai handed a space ring to Zheng Li. Zhao Hai could make space rings whenever he wants at this point. Zhao Hai decided to give a space ring because this would incur the least suspicion. Zhao Hai had the Hundred Spirit Tree, whose fruits can be considered to be the best spatial items since one could plant things inside it. However, Zhao Hai cannot give Zheng Li a fruit. Therefore, Zhao Hai could only give Zheng Li a space ring, moreover, it was a space ring he gained as a spoil of battle.</p>

  <p>Zheng Li scanned the ring upon receiving it and couldn’t help but stare. This was because there were three types of things inside the ring. The first type were various types of bug parts. There were piles upon piles of them. One must know that bug parts were still very profitable in the Cultivation Realm. This was akin to Zhao Hai giving him money.</p>

  <p>The second type were liquors. This was the same liquor that they had drank last night. All in all, Zhao Hai gave 20 bottles.</p>

  <p>The third type was actually a magic formation. It wasn’t a huge formation nor did Zheng Li know what it was used for. Upon retrieving his spiritual force, Zheng Li turned to look at Zhao Hai in confusion.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “These bugs are spoils that we got underground. I kept some for ourselves, I’ll give the rest to Brother Zheng. You will need a lot of money once you leave Fabio Planet. Although these things aren’t worth much, I hope that it will help you. As for the liquor, I can only give you this much. The magic formation is a small transmission formation which can only be used for communication. If Brother Zheng leaves this place, you can use it to contact me. At that time, we can drink together once more.”</p>

  <p>When Zheng Li heard this, his eyes couldn’t help but turn red. People rarely made friends in the Cultivation Realm, especially Rogue Cultivators like Zheng Li. Of course, Zheng Li had friends in the past. But unfortunately, all of them failed to form a gold core and died. Since then, Zheng Li had nobody to call a friend.</p>

  <p>Although what Zhao Hai gave him weren’t very precious, it was given with the sincerity of a friend. Zheng Li felt grateful. He received the space ring before he nodded and said, “Alright. Little Hai, your sentiment, I definitely won’t forget it. Once I leave Fabio Planet, I’ll contact you immediately.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Alright, then it’s settled. Brother Zheng, I’m leaving.” Then he bowed towards Zheng Li and left the courtyard.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t return to their courtyard but instead to the transmission formation. Ma Rulong and the others were already waiting for him there.</p>

  <p>Upon seeing Zhao Hai arrive, Ma Rulong nodded towards him. Zhao Hai made a salute towards Ma Rulong before standing alongside everyone.</p>

  <p>Seeing about a dozen people in his team, Ma Rulong couldn’t help but feel heavy. When they first came here, they were a team of more than 100 people. But as soon as they reached Fabio Planet and encountered the bugs, they started having losses. And then after the elimination round, only Zhao Hai’s group of six were left. So how could he be in high spirits now?</p>

  <p>Although the other participants were killed by Zhao Hai, Ma Rulong couldn’t blame him for it. He knew clearly that even if Zhao Hai didn’t kill them, they would still be surrounded by the bugs and be killed. Zhao Hai saved them but they actually wanted to kill Zhao Hai and take his spoils. It would be strange if Zhao Hai just stood there and accepted being bullied.</p>

  <p>Ma Rulong sighed, then he waved his hand and said, “Let’s go.” Then everyone walked towards the transmission formation. As soon as everyone was in place, the formation lit up and everyone disappeared in a flash of light.</p>

  <p>The transmission formation in Seamount City lit up with light before Zhao Hai and the others appeared on it. Ma Rulong waved his hand as the group headed towards the Machine Field’s courtyard. This was where they stayed before, so Zhao Hai and the others already knew the way.</p>

  <p>What’s different this time was that nobody came to embarrass them. Conversely, the Cultivators around them were looking at them with mixed expressions of confusion and dread.&#160;</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s achievements had already spread to several circles. Faced with such achievements, the entire World of Cultivation was shocked. Nobody could believe it, however it was true.</p>

  <p>As soon as the Cultivators saw the Machine Field overwhelming them in the rankings, they couldn’t help but feel that this was a joke. But when they finally confirmed the idea, they felt that they were about to go insane. They couldn’t believe it. This prompted them to get information about Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Information about Zhao Hai wasn’t difficult to find and before long someone had their hands on it. It was then that the Cultivation Realm knew about how much of a genius Zhao Hai was. And he was even able to fight a silverback gold-winged bug single-handedly. Upon hearing this, everyone was dumbfounded.</p>

  <p>Silverback gold-winged bugs were very strong bugs. This was something that almost everyone knew in the Cultivation Realm. This was because legends about these bugs would often spread to the populace. It was said that a single silverback gold-winged bug could contend against two Nascent Soul Experts. Since Zhao Hai was able to drive one of these bugs out, then how strong was he? Does this mean that he can also fight two Nascent Soul Experts?</p>

  <p>With this thought in mind, the Cultivators couldn’t help but behave. The Cultivation Realm worshipped strength above all. They also knew that some people cannot be annoyed. Naturally, Zhao Hai has been included into the group that shouldn’t be offended.</p>

  <p>Therefore, Zhao Hai and the others wouldn’t experience any more trouble. It was also because of this that the Seamount Faction stopped their aggression. They wouldn’t dare embarrass Zhao Hai, especially after knowing about his strength.</p>

  <p>Although the Seamount Faction was a sect, their current strongest member was at Core Formation Stage. Just like any other small sect, they wouldn’t dare think about offending someone who can fight a silverback gold-winged bug alone.</p>

  <p>There were a lot of small sects in the Cultivation Realm where their strongest experts are at Core Formation. They lived their lives cautiously. They were afraid of offending existences that could destroy their sects.</p>

  <p>Xiong Li and the others were initially surprised about this. They heard that only Nascent Soul Experts were allowed to establish sects in the Cultivation Realm. So why do these small sects have Core Formation experts as their strongest member?</p>

  <p>But after some thinking, they finally understood. They learned that these sects were indeed established by Nascent Soul Experts. But after a long time, these Nascent Soul Experts had either entered a long seclusion or had died. Because of this, the strongest members of the sect became these Core Formation Cultivators. This was the case with the Seamount Faction.</p>

  <p>So after Zhao Hai and the others appeared on the transmission formation, the Seamount Faction’s people didn’t make things hard for them. These people knew that if they offended Zhao Hai’s group, then Zhao Hai might deal with them.</p>

  <p>From the Seamount Faction’s perspective, Zhao Hai didn’t deal with them before because he wanted to preserve his strength and hide it. This way, people wouldn’t be able to know how strong he was. But now that everyone knows his strength, there’s no need for Zhao Hai to hold back. If the Seamount Faction messes with Zhao Hai, then there’s no stopping him from attacking the sect.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai and the others returned to their courtyard, they discovered that it was different compared to before. The decorations of the courtyard before were very simple, appearing very low key. But now, it seems like the courtyard had undergone a massive renovation. The interior decorations seemed very new. The signage outside the courtyard was also replaced with a much larger one. The words “Machine Field Institute” were clearly marked on top of the entrance.</p>

  <p>In front of the courtyard were two robots. Just as Ma Rulong approached, the two robots bowed and said, “Team Leader Ma, welcome back.” Ma Rulong nodded and then walked in.</p>

  <p>The courtyard looked cleaner compared to before. Inside were the two Mages from before. Seeing Ma Rulong’s group coming in, they immediately offered their greetings. The two bowed and said, “Congratulations Team Leader Ma for the victorious return.”</p>

  <p>Ma Rulong looked at the two, then he nodded and waved his hand as he said, “Alright, arrange rooms for us. We need to rest.” The two complied and immediately took care of things.</p>

  <p>Then at this time, someone suddenly called out, “Zhao Hai, come out and face your death!” As this voice was heard, a person’s shadow was seen approaching from a distant place. This development caused Ma Rulong and the others to stare.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was also surprised. Then Laura immediately sent over some information. The declaration came from a middle-aged person. The person wore black clothing. Although he was handsome, his face was twisted as though he hadn’t eaten for some time.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, this was because he didn’t know what this person was diong. Although he was confused, he didn’t say anything. The person approached the courtyard and appeared above the institute. Zhao Hai stared at the person and said, “This one is Zhao Hai. Friend, did I offend you?”</p>

  <p>The person stopped a hundred meters in front of Zhao Hai. Then he coldly replied, “You’re Zhao Hai?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Correct, I am Zhao Hai. What deep enmity do we have for you to hate me this much?”</p>

  <p>The person looked at Zhao Hai and then sneered and said, “You’re really worthy of being ignorant folk. You’re still clueless despite killing my people. Listen, this one is from the Three Mountains Alliance, Jade Mountain’s Inner Elder Helian Da. Dong Tutian who you killed is my disciple!”</p>
</body>
</html>