<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 442: Grandly Opening the Main Entrance</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai and the others appeared outside Sky Water City. This time, they weren’t in a tight schedule so they first looked for a remote place before ZHao Hai released his bull-pulled carriage and slowly headed to the city.</p>

  <p>The giant horned bull-pulled carriage, the Wild Dragon War Banner, and Alien, were the three things that identified Zhao Hai. No matter which three were present, people would know that it was Zhao Hai who arrived.</p>

  <p>It was because of this that when Zhao Hai’s bull-pulled carriage entered Sky Water City, he was immediately escorted by the city’s garrison troops as it headed toward the City Lord’s Mansion. Even if these garrison troops didn’t give Zhao Hai face, they still had to give respect to Megan. They were very clear about how Smith loved Megan.</p>

  <p>After nearly a month of constant exchanges of information, Zhao Hai’s reputation had spread throughout the continent. People on the continent now knew about this Dark Mage as well as the Buda Clan.</p>

  <p>Major powers in the continent didn’t think that the Buda Clan, who vanished for one year, would actually return stronger than ever.</p>

  <p>If one really counted, the time before the Buda Clan regained its power wasn’t long. Shortly after they were reassigned to the Black Wasteland, Zhao Hai appeared on the continent and then continued to slowly spread his reputation, attracting the interest of major forces. It was just that people didn’t realize that Zhao Hai was actually the head of the Buda Clan, the famous crippled child from the Aksu Empire.</p>

  <p>What was even more noteworthy was the fact that Zhao Hai had managed to get his hands on the cure for the Water of Nothingness. This made him the center of attention of the entire continent.</p>

  <p>The Water of Nothingness have been pressuring the powerful experts of the continent. They were afraid of being plotted against and unknowingly drinking the Water of Nothingness. If they reach this point, then no matter how loud the complain, nobody would listen to them.</p>

  <p>But now that Zhao Hai appeared, it was like having a huge obstacle being removed out of their way. For him to be able to solve the toxin of the Water of Nothingness meant the others who were affected could get cured as well. For the various experts, this was certainly good news.</p>

  <p>It can be said that Zhao Hai’s status on the continent became something that wasn’t much worse than a Patriarch from a Great Family. This was because he has the capability.</p>

  <p>People knew that during the war in Casa City, not only did Zhao Hai obtain near 100 thousand new undead, he also managed to exterminate several 9th rank experts of the opposing party.</p>

  <p>The 9th rank experts weren’t only attacked, they were exterminated. What did this mean? It meant that Zhao Hai himself also had 9th rank experts up his sleeve, and their numbers should be quite large.</p>

  <p>When they heard about this, the people of the continent were startled. They didn’t think that Zhao Hai would have such method. They knew about the Buda Clan’s demise, this was mainly because they didn’t have any 9th rank experts. But the Buda Clan surprisingly acquired several of them this time, can 9th ranks be this easily obtained?</p>

  <p>But while the others were surprised about this information, the Calci Family, on the other hand, were rejoicing. In the past, Zhao Hai told them that as long as they don’t send four 9th rank experts after him, then those they send wouldn’t be able to return. But neither Smith nor Randolph actually believed this. The only reason the Calci Family let go of their grudge with Zhao Hai was because the situation had gotten a lot more complicated.</p>

  <p>Ever since they received word that Zhao Hai eliminated several 9th rank experts in Casa City, Smith and Randolph both felt a wave of fear after their initial surprise. Although they knew that the Purcell Family had a powerful 9th rank expert, Origin Sword Saint, the other part had four 9th rank experts, as well as two Advanced Divergent Ability Users. For Zhao Hai and Origin Sword Saint to destroy that lineup meant that Zhao Hai wasn’t lying to the Calci Family before.</p>

  <p>Under such circumstances, Smith and Randolph had formally accepted Zhao Hai. They knew that even if it was the Calci Family, the four 9th ranks wouldn’t be killed that easily. If they were to be attacked by four 9th rank experts, they would still win, however, it would be a bitter victory.</p>

  <p>And from the looks of it, Zhao Hai seemed to not have lost that much even after killing those experts, this made Smith very startled.</p>

  <p>In the past, they always interacted with Zhao Hai as though they had the higher position. If it weren’t for Megan marrying Zhao Hai, it would be hard to say where the family’s relationship with him would end up.</p>

  <p>Even if Megan still wasn’t married to Zhao Hai, Randolph was still planning on renouncing their engagement. In his opinion, Zhao Hai’s identity was in no way comparable to Megan.</p>

  <p>But now it was different, Randolph and Smith now regarded Zhao Hai as someone of equal status. They currently weren’t thinking that Zhao Hai was not worth Megan, they also placed Zhao Hai in a special position in their minds. They decided that the way they interact with Zhao Hai must be changed.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai wasn’t thinking about any of these. The reason why he participated in the Purcell Duchy war was to reveal to the continent the strength of the Buda Clan. He wanted to let the continent think twice about underestimating his clan.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and the others quickly arrived at the City Lord’s Mansion. When they arrived, the group couldn’t help but stare, this was because the direction that they were led to was the main entrance of the mansion.</p>

  <p>No average person can walk through the mansion’s main entrance. If your status wasn’t up to par, then you don’t have the right to pass through here. Therefore, Zhao Hai only passed through the side entrance in the past. Because of his good relationship with Smith, as well as his engagement to Megan later on, he was allowed passage to the side entrance, otherwise he wouldn’t even be able to pass through.</p>

  <p>But when Zhao Hai returned this time, Smith actually gave the command to receive them through the main entrance, and more importantly, Smith was there waiting for them.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai came down from his carriage and immediately walked towards Smith before giving a bow, “Uncle Smith, why did you come personally? Right, why did you open the main entrance this time? I’m not familiar with this arrangement.’</p>

  <p>Smith looks at Zhao Hai, he saw that there seems to be no changes to the young man’s demeanor, he couldn’t help but feel happy, he smiled and said, “This is my father’s orders, in his own words he said that you have the qualifications to walk through the mansion’s main entrance. We, the Calci Family, recognize your status in behalf of the continent.”</p>

  <p>Zhao hai nodded, then walked together with Smith towards the Mansion with a smile. Zhao Hai knew what Smith meant.</p>

  <p>When a Clan becomes a Great Clan, they need to have the recognition of some other Great Clan. The Calci Family greeting Zhao Hai with the opening of their Main Entrance meant that they recognize the status of the Buda Clan, for Zhao Hai and his clan, this was a very important matter.</p>

  <p>The influence of the Calci Family on the continent was very huge. Although they were suppressed by the Radiant Church, Great Nobles aren’t that easily pressured. Even if the suppression from the Church did have an effect to the Family, the impact was not that great overall.</p>

  <p>For a high profile Family like the Calci Family to recognize the Buda Clan, this would certainly affect how the continent views the Buda Clan in the future.</p>

  <p>Smith didn’t become polite with Zhao Hai and invited him directly into the living room. Inside, Randolph was waiting. The living room wasn’t a place where anybody can just enter. Since Zhao Hai was engaged to Megan, him and his people were allowed entrance, the others were invited out of the room.</p>

  <p>Randolph didn’t keep appearances this time, he stood inside the living room while waiting for Zhao Hai and the others. When he saw Zhao Hai arrive, Randolph showed a smile, and went forward to greet Zhao Hai himself. Although Randolph didn’t say anything warm, compared to how he interacted with Zhao Hai in the past, this time was much better.</p>

  <p>After the group entered the living room and sat down, Randolph looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Good, Little Hai, what you did was really fantastic. You’ve shown the power and prestige of a Dark Mage, good job. Let’s see if those other fellows in the continent dare underestimate us Dark Mages again.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It was also time to let them know. There were no major wars in the continent for these past years, and they had forgotten what Dark Mages can do. This greatly contributed to the success of the Radiant Church’s suppression in addition to the bribes that the church sent. With what I revealed this time, those Nobles would know that the battlefield is a Dark Mage’s domain. The Radiant Church may have given them benefits, but they would still have to use these benefits to build their army. And since they needed to carefully manage their armies, they would now consider adding Dark Mages to their roster knowing how effective the profession is during wars. I believe that a lot of people would change their views of Dark Mages after this.”</p>

  <p>Randolph nodded and said, “Right, these years, those who wanted Dark Mages become fewer and fewer. Some nobles think that raising Dark Mages wasn’t worth it. This time, you made them understand that Dark Mages are worth the resources.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “ God’s Grace Day would arrive in a few days. I’m afraid that we only have today to spend time here. Tomorrow, we have to head towards Jade Water City. Does Grandfather have things he wishes to request?”</p>

  <p>Randolph shook his head and said, “I don’t have any. Tomorrow, I must also prepare to head towards Carson City, Smith will also be there. Little Hai, time is tight, will you be able to catch up to the capital if you go to Jade Water City?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “The Third Prince wanted me to go to Carson City, I’m also preparing to give him a visit. When I arrive at Jade Water City, I will immediately head towards the capital after taking care of a few things.”</p>

  <p>Randolph nodded, then he looked at Zhao Hai and asked, “Little Hai, recently the Third Prince seem to have acquired a lot of marine products. Does this have anything to do with you?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t hide the truth from him, he smiled and said, “A couple of days ago, I went to the deep seas and had my undead scour the waters. You should know about the properties of the undead, so I had no qualms about having them get marine resources for me.”</p>

  <p>Randolph nodded and didn’t talk anymore, he knew that these marine products weren’t something that he could get his hands on. This was because those had already become the Third Prince’s business. If he meddles, the might offend the Third Prince, and that would be too disadvantageous to the family.</p>
</body>
</html>