<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1120: I Must Participate!</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai was currently inside the villa. In front of him was a computer with an article about the Six Realm Beginner Competition.</p>

  <p>After reading the article, Zhao Hai turned to Laura and said, “What? You want me to join this competition?”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded and said, “Right. We have been in the Machine Field for three months now. And in the past three months, we have basically adapted our lifestyle to it. You should also know how sincere Desbarres has been. So isn’t this beginner competition an opportunity to make the Bone Symbol Cmap rise again?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “You sound like a member of the Bone Symbol Camp.”</p>

  <p>Laura chuckled, “Although I’m not a member of the camp, I was able to see how the camp works in the past few days. To be honest, I’ve taken a liking to this group. Everyone is united, Desbarres certainly poured great effort into this camp.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, he couldn’t help but agree to Laura’s words. He also liked the atmosphere of the camp. And to be honest, he had already learned a lot in the Machine Field. It was time to go outside and look at different sceneries in the World of Cultivation.</p>

  <p>With this thought in mind, Zhao Hai gave a nod and said, “Alright, I’ll join the competition. I also want to see the strength of the other realms.”</p>

  <p>Laura and the others happily nodded. Zhao Hai saw their reaction and smiled. To be honest, Zhao Hai’s stay inside the Space was to accompany them. He knew that Laura and the others were bored of staying inside the Space. Therefore, he took the time to be with them.</p>

  <p>Looking at the time, Zhao Hai and the others had their meal before Zhao Hai went out of the Space. Then he told his robot to contact Desbarres and Tao Wang.</p>

  <p>All robots have communication functions built inside them. However, when people leave their homes, they usually don’t bring their robots with them. When they were out, they would use their computers to contact other people.</p>

  <p>Although they didn’t know why Zhao Hai contacted them, Desbarres and Tao Wang still used the quickest time to head towards the villa.</p>

  <p>Seeing that Zhao Hai was already waiting for them, Tao Wang looked at Zhao Hai and asked, “Little Hai, what’s the problem? You want to drink?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Camp Lord, Brother Tao. Take a seat first. I have something to tell you.”</p>

  <p>Desbarres and Tao Wang looked at Zhao Hai’s conduct and couldn’t help but feel that something was happening. They had been in contact with Zhao Hai for two months, so they already have an idea about his temper. Zhao Hai, who wasn’t really too formal, acting formally made them feel somewhat strange.</p>

  <p>The two sat down with Zhao Hai opposite them. Zhao Hai looked at the two and said, “Camp Lord, I called you over to tell you that I have already adapted to the Machine Field’s spiritual qi. Moreover, I’ve decided to enter the Six Realms Beginner Competition!”</p>

  <p>Desbarres and Tao Wang heard what Zhao Hai said and couldn’t help but stare. Desbarres immediately stood up and said, “No, Little Hai, you can’t!&#160; The beginner competition is very dangerous. You can’t participate.”</p>

  <p>Tao Wang added, “Little Hai, you shouldn’t join, it’s too dangerous. It’s common for people to die in the competition. Even those powerful experts lose their lives.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai saw their reactions and could understand what they were thinking. He smiled faintly and said, “Camp Lord, Brother Tao Wang. Rest assured, I fully understand the danger of the competition. However, I need to participate. This is the turning point for the Bone Symbol Camp!”</p>

  <p>Desbarres and Tao Wang found themselves silent upon hearing Zhao Hai. They worked hard so that the Bone Symbol Camp would rise. However, they still didn’t think it’s time for Zhao Hai to help them.</p>

  <p>Naturally, not allowing Zhao Hai participate in the competition didn’t mean that Zhao Hai wouldn’t participate in future battles. They knew that practice couldn’t make an expert. And they already made plans about Zhao Hai’s future development.</p>

  <p>This plan was quite comprehensive. It started after Zhao Hai adapts to the density of spiritual qi. He would first be assigned small tasks. These tasks would be done in groups so there wouldn’t be any danger. This would exercise Zhao Hai’s mindset as he was given more and more responsibility. Then several years later, he would represent the camp in the Family’s internal competition. This would be the beginning of his rise in the Machine Field.</p>

  <p>There were no risks in this plan as it involved training Zhao Hai. All of these were made because Desbarres and Tao Wang placed too much of their hopes on Zhao Hai. They didn’t want Zhao Hai to go out this early.</p>

  <p>Because of this, when they heard Zhao Hai saying that he wants to join the beginner competition, they couldn’t help but show a huge response. In their minds, sending Zhao Hai to join the beginner competition was akin to sending him to his destruction.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at their reactions and smiled, “Camp Lord, Big Brother Tao, don’t reject so easily. Let’s sit down and slowly talk this over. To be honest, my decision isn’t done in the heat of the moment. Let me be true to you, my strength has reached level 4. I have confidence to defeat the enemy. Therefore, I decided to join the competition.”</p>

  <p>Desbarres frowned and said, “I know that you have strong Undead and is both a Mage and a Warrior, so it isn’t surprising to know that you can defeat level 4 Mages. However, you are competing in the Six Realms Beginner Competition. No matter which realm, each one would treat this matter with importance. Therefore, the participants of this competition are all elites from all kinds of origin. The losers would either be dead or severely injured. It is a competition with a high rate of mortality. It isn’t the reputation boost that I want, and I don’t want to extinguish our hopes in it. And to be honest, there is a huge disparity between the Mages and Warriors of our Machine Field compared to the other 5 realms. And that disparity is weapons.”</p>

  <p>Desbarres stopped here, but Tao Wang followed up, “Right, our biggest gap is in weapons. The strongest weapons of the other realms are those magic talismans. These talismans are single use weapons. So in this competition, the other realms would surely use these talismans. The might of these talismans is quite terrifying. Even if we have Mages more powerful than them, we still couldn’t underestimate them because of these talismans. This is the reason why me and the Camp Lord doesn’t want you to participate in the competition.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I found out about those when I was researching the other 5 realms. But Camp Lord, this makes me want to join the competition even more. Don’t forget, all spoils from the battle will belong to the winner. I want to get those items. Moreover, I have the confidence to deal with them.”</p>

  <p>Desbarres frowned, “Little Hai, I still think that it is too risky. Our Machine Field had never achieved success in the beginner competition. Our top three members have already surpassed five years. Also, every time we send participants for the competition, they were at least ascenders for three years. From this point, you should see how powerful the opponents are. I really don’t want you to enter the competition.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t say anything and just smiled faintly as he waved his hand. Then a layered formation set appeared in front of him.</p>

  <p>When Desbarres and Tao Wang saw the formation set that Zhao Hai released, they couldn’t help but be shocked. One must know that layered formation sets weren’t easy to use. Every layer added to a formation demanded a high amount of spiritual force. Moreover, experiments would be needed for a Mage to use a formation set. They need to know which formation was compatible with another formation, and also find out if the formation was beneficial to the set. Because of this, beginner Mages would find it difficult to use layered formations. Only after gaining enough experience could they push on and become stronger. The more they know which formations were compatible for them, the quicker they would be able to layer them. This was also why level 1 Mages have 5 formations as their peak, level 2 Mages have ten, level three Mages have 50. And more than that for level 4.</p>

  <p>And for most Mages, finding a 50-layer formation would need about five to ten years of research. Even if one studied Magic Theory all their life, they would still need three to five years. Not to say achieving 50-layered formation sets, there were Mages who got stuck at level 3.&#160;</p>

  <p>Now that Zhao Hai revealed this formation, Desbarres and Tao Wang were shaken. They didn’t know how Zhao Hai managed to accomplish this in such a short time.&#160;</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai waved his hand again, withdrawing his spiritual force. In turn, the formation dissipated. When the magic formation disappeared, only then did Desbarres and Tao Wang recover. They looked at each other and saw the surprise and joy in each of their eyes.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the two and smiled, “I’m already a level 4 Mage. Moreover, my battle qi is quickly catching up. At the very least, I have the means to survive if I join the competition. Camp Lord, Big Brother Tao, this is an opportunity for the Bone Symbol Camp to rise!”</p>
</body>
</html>