<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 827: Broadcasts?</h3>

  <p>Although Fei’er didn’t quite understand why Zhao Hai was so confident, he was sure of one thing, that Zhao Hai was very strong and that he wouldn’t make any jokes about important matters. Because of this, Fei’er just nodded and didn’t say anything else.</p>

  <p>However, the Demon Dragon King knew why Zhao Hai can assure such a thing. Yesterday, they just entered the Space from Demon City, but now they came out of the Accra Mountains. Only a fool wouldn’t note that the Space can teleport people.</p>

  <p>What moved the Demon Dragon King the most was Zhao Hai’s statement about the matter he needed to handle. Now that nobody was left in the Ark Continent, the only thing Zhao Hai needed to do was head to the Demon Realm and take the Demons to the Space.</p>

  <p>Fei’er smiled at Zhao Hai and nodded, “Alright, then we’ll be depending on Mister from now on. Since Mister has something to process, we’ll say our farewells for now. We’ll rest for the night and then proceed towards the Radiant Empire tomorrow.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Good. Right, I will also let the undead deliver you something. After all, you need to eat in order to have a good rest.”</p>

  <p>Fei’er was moved, he stood and gave Zhao Hai a bow, “Thank you Mister. Since we also need to settle our troops, then we’ll be taking our leave.” Zhao Hai also stood up, he smiled at them and said, “There’s no need to be polite, aren’t we allies?” The three bowed to Zhao Hai once more before turning around to leave.</p>

  <p>After waiting for Fei’er and the other two to leaves, Zhao Hai turned his head to the Demon Dragon King and said, “I’ll have to ask you to lead me to the Demon Realm. In the meantime, have the Demon Army enter the Space and recuperate. The most important thing for us right now is to take the other Demons to the Space.”</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King gave Zhao Hai a salute and said, “Thanks Mister.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai waved his hand an said, “Don’t be too polite, there’s no need for ranks between us. I’ve already ordered someone to take care of your food once you return. Have everyone take a good rest. Right, what are our casualties?” The Demon Dragon King nodded and said, “From our tally, there are 544 thousand injured while about 650 thousand were killed. And since you requested it, they didn’t opt to explode themselves.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “Although blowing themselves up causes huge damage, they won’t leave anything behind in the end. I want to pay respects to their sacrifice by burying them.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai still had his Chinese personality in him. Although he didn’t admire being buried in the earth, he still wanted to leave a body behind after he died. Even if he was cremated, that would still be good. At the very least, he didn’t want to only leave his clothes behind.</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King shook his head and said, “Mister, if it’s possible, please turn the dead Demons into undead. It would be a great honor for them if you do that. Being buried in the ground would just turn them into a joke.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t think that the Demons would have that custom. He frowned as he asked, “Won’t you explode yourselves before being defeated?” The Demon Dragon King nodded and said, “If we are defeated, then we would blow ourselves up in order to die with the enemy.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, then he said, “If I turn your people into undead, then you won’t get offended?” The Demon Dragon King nodded and said, “We won’t. Mister can rest assured. Being able to fight after dying is a dream for a Demon. But since we don’t want to die under the hand of our enemy, we just blow ourselves up. Only when we have a formidable lich with us would we refrain from killing ourselves.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai found that he was unable to make sense out of the Demon Dragon King’s words. In his mind, being turned into an undead was blasphemous to the body. But it seems like it was a good thing for the Demons. Zhao Hai sighed and said, “Alright, then I’ll be turning those killed into undead. I’ll leave it to you to arrange the Devil Legion.” Then the Demon Dragon King nodded before he turned around and left.</p>

  <p>Although the Demon Dragon King had already left, his words were still resonating inside Zhao Hai’s mind. At this time, the Space’s residents were getting more and more multiracial. There would be races whose customs and manners were unique to Zhao Hai. Since these people had their customs weaved into their society, Zhao Hai changing it would only cause dislike. Because of this, Zhao Hai needed to be sensitive to such matters and respect these peoples’ beliefs.</p>

  <p>Although the Space can slowly transform a person’s thoughts and make them loyal to Zhao Hai, a process was still needed in order to do so. Moreover, Zhao Hai was afraid that if he were to gain their dislike then it would be very difficult to gain these people’s loyalty.</p>

  <p>In fact, Zhao Hai didn’t guess wrongly. If he changed the customs of the Demons, then he would definitely earn their dislike. In that case, if the Space wishes to make them loyal to Zhao Hai, then it would take a very long time. A person needed to have good sentiment towards Zhao Hai in order to be influenced. But if that person was Zhao Hai’s enemy, then the Space would find it very difficult to change his mindset. The only quick way to do so was to turn that person into undead.”</p>

  <p>After the seeing that the Demon Dragon King had left, Laura and the others walked over and sat beside Zhao Hai. Laura then said, “Brother Hai, can we really stage an attack on the Divine Realm?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “This would be the best opportunity to do that. If we give up, then we would be jeopardizing the plans painstakingly made by the Thunder Clan, Barbarians, and Winged Pegasus. In any case, having them on our side would make it easier to fight against the Divine Race.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded and said, “I think this matter is going on too quick. With Fei’er and the others added to the mix, our plans seem to have been pushed forward.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said, “Those fellows are crazy for revenge. It’s fine, we can still cooperate with them. After all, their fighting strength isn’t that weak. With our strength added, not to say the Taurus Divines, even if the other races sent their troops, it would be hard for them to eradicate us.”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and said, “Your being too polite. They can’t destroy us at all, it’s basically impossible. Just you alone can turn the Divine Race into turmoil. Right, Brother Hai, what happened to those you captured? The Third Prince seems to have gotten retarded.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knit his brows and said, “I had them placed on a small island near the Ark Space. There’s no need to provide them with food, the island should be enough to sustain them. Let them stay there for a while as they think about their current situation.”</p>

  <p>Laura didn’t comment anything more. After all, those people had zero ability to rebel. Also, there’s no reason for Zhao Hai to kill them. Moreover, the Third Prince had already turned stupid from the mental impact he just received. If the maids weren’t there to take care of him, then he would’ve already died of starvation.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai sighed and said, “Alright, let’s return to the Space and deal with post-war matters. Right, had the final battle been broadcasted?”</p>

  <p>Laura knit her brows and said, “We didn’t. It’s because we were fighting alongside the Demons. What, do we have to show it?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai thought for a short moment and said, “Show it. In any case, we can’t hide this matter. After showing the scene, tell the people that we have defeated the Divine Race and also subdued the Demons.”</p>

  <p>Laura frowned and said, “If we do it like that, then let’s have Cai’er broadcast the state of the Underworld as well. This way, people wouldn’t think that we were cheating them into living inside the Space.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, he understood why Laura proposed that action. The people had indeed transferred to the Ark Space, however, they still remember their life on the continent quite fondly. If they think that there’s no need to defend the Ark Continent, then they might develop some ideas. They might assume that Zhao Hai was exaggerating and just lured them into the Space. After all, Zhao Hai managed to smoothly eliminate the Divine Race while drawing the Demons on his side. If it was hard, then things wouldn’t have been that easy.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai returned to the Space and thought about his recent victory. Altogether, he had amassed 30 million undead Divine Race soldiers. Adding on his current undead, Zhao Hai now had about 70 million undead in his command.</p>

  <p>Originally, Zhao Hai’s undead should be more than this. However, the Divine Race’s attacks were too fierce, some undead were forced to use blood lightning beads to blow themselves up. With this method, Zhao Hai would only have a net loss since all bodies would be vaporized by the explosion.</p>

  <p>But in the end, Zhao Hai still managed to reap great harvests. This elevated Zhao Hai’s military strength. Don’t forget, a lot of God ranks were present in the army. This caused Zhao Hai to have more God-rank undead compared to before.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai held great regret for not capturing Thunder Yun and turning him into undead. This was because Thunder Yun received Fei’er and the Thunder Clan’s final attack, turning Thunder Yun straight into ash. In that state, it would be impossible for Zhao Hai to turn him into undead.</p>

  <p>Although he felt pity about this, Zhao Hai still had other matters to think about. He first went to the Space to prepare the food for Fei’er’s people. But since doing this would take a lot of time, Zhao Hai handed the matter over to Laura and the others. Meanwhile, Zhao Hai was currently inside the Demon Race’s background.</p>
</body>
</html>