<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 796: Zhao Hai’s Depression</h3>

  <p>Megan felt that Zhao Hai’s mood has become better, that is why she made this joke. Zhao Hai looked at Megan and couldn’t help but laugh, “Alright, I’ll give you one just like that. My little Megan, come here!” Then he opened both of his arms towards Megan.</p>

  <p>Megan made an ugly face as she said, “I won’t hug you.” Then she ran of while giggling like a little girl.</p>

  <p>Seeing Megan running off, Zhao Hai felt specially relaxed. The one feeling happy wasn’t just him, Megan and the others felt it as well.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai thought about it, he finally understood what was going on. Laura and the others were native to the Ark Continent. Besides their family members, they also had friends and relatives who lived there. Although Zhao Hai had resisted the invasion made by the Demons and the Divine Race, the women still couldn’t help but worry for the future. If Zhao Hai couldn’t resist one day, then their families and friends wouldn’t have good lives.</p>

  <p>Megan and the others had always been right beside Zhao Hai during the war. Because of this, they knew firsthand how powerful the Demons and the Divine Race were. Naturally, this fact made them even more worried.</p>

  <p>They were worried for their family and friends’ safety, so how could they be at ease. Since Zhao Hai was busy thinking about how to deal with the invaders, he had failed to notice their mood.</p>

  <p>But now that the people of the Ark Continent were in the Space, it wasn’t only Zhao Hai who felt great relief. Megan and the others felt happy as well, their worries had vanished into thin air.</p>

  <p>After thinking about this, Zhao Hai’s heart couldn’t help but feel warm. Megan and the others had it hard, but they still didn’t tell Zhao Hai to send their family and friends to the Space. It can be seen that they still held Zhao Hai first in their hearts, this touched Zhao Hai’s heart.</p>

  <p>At the same time, Zhao Hai also felt guilty. He hadn’t thought into how Laura and the others felt. If he wasn’t firm in his resolve to transfer the Ark Continent’s people to the Space, then he wouldn’t have seen their happy expressions right now.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai got up from his chair and hugged his wives as he whispered “Sorry” in a soft voice.</p>

  <p>Laura and the others were intelligent, so they immediately understood what Zhao hai meant. They couldn’t blame Zhao Hai and just didn’t say anything. Instead, they gently held Zhao Hai and hugged him tightly as well.</p>

  <p>After some time, Zhao Hai said, “I just discussed with Berry, if an opportunity comes, we’ll have her people move to the Space.” Laura and the others nodded, Laura replied, “Right, the Demon Realm’s environment is just too terrible. The Space is much better in comparison.. On the other hand, Brother Hai, those commoners won’t have food problems anymore. After a long time, those people might go lazy. Should we give them something to do?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, then he said, “Right, that wouldn’t be great. Do you have any ideas? Tell me?”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and said, “What are the reasons why we received the people of the Ark Continent into the Space? One of them is to gather faith power while another is to increase our strength. The Space’s environment is much better compared to outside. There are no natural disasters here and there was no need to worry about food. If this continued, then the people would get lazy, so we need to make them do something. The main things we need to take care of is faith and their strength.” When Zhao Hai heard this, he replied, “You mean, we’ll have them worship me as a god while training them in magic and battle qi?”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded and said, “At this time, &#160;we can’t have them just worship you. That is just impossible, it might even cause dislike. Therefore, I have thought of a good way to do so. In the Ark Space, we need to have a projection in each city, showing the fight against the Demons and the Divine Race. What do you think?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai thought for a moment and said, “That wouldn’t be hard. When fight comes, we can have projections in each city. But will this work?” Laura was full of confidence, “It’ll work, definitely. Brother Hai, every time you fight with your undead, people will surely cheer.”</p>

  <p>Megan and the others smiled when they heard Laura. In fact, they had already discussed this matter before. Having the people of the Ark Continent worship Zhao Hai as a god wouldn’t be an easy matter. After all, Zhao Hai was just like them, a person of the Ark Continent. Would you suddenly worship a friend at your side as a god? That would be impossible. Because of this, Laura and the others decided that forcing Zhao Hai as a god would be impossible.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, let’s do it according to you plan. However, &#160;we need to wait for some time before we fight the Demons and the Divine Race. There are still good things left in the Ark Continent. I was thinking that as long as they don’t attack us, then we wouldn’t make the first move. In the meantime, we’ll slowly take more good things into the Space. What do you think?”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and said, “Brother Hai is really mad with money. But if those things remain in the Ark Continent, then they might be used by the Demons and the Divine Race. in any case, the Ark Continent’ people needed to adapt for some time. Also, I’m afraid that the Demons and the Divine Race would wait too long.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Don’t worry, the Demons and the Divine Race should be aware of the change in the Ark Continent. After all, we caught a lot of spies last time.”</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai moved the people of the Ark Continent to the Space, the spies of the Demons and the Divine Race began to come out. Naturally, those people wouldn’t go and see Zhao Hai face to face. Instead, they made backhanded remarks, saying malicious words towards Zhao Hai. Their purpose was to stop the people from listening to him.</p>

  <p>However, they underestimated Zhao Hai’s control over the Space. Along with Cai’er, it was easy to investigate who these people were.</p>

  <p>At first, the people of the Ark Continent didn’t understand why Zhao Hai was arresting these people. Zhao Hai didn’t do the job this time, he hired Dark Mages from the Space to kill these people and turn them into advanced undead before asking them what they were doing. Before long, the people understood who those arrested people were.</p>

  <p>And from the mouths of those people, it seems like the Demons and the Divine Race were already aware of the migration. However, this didn’t affect Zhao Hai. In any case, the relocation has been completed. The next step to consider was how to deal with the Demons and the Divine Race.</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and said, “Alright, the Demons and the Divine Race should be anxious right about now. But Brother Hai, how are you planning to deal with them? Will it be just like before?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Why not. You should know that we are only facing against the Taurus Divines, the other nine continents are yet to appear. And now that the Ark Continent has been destroyed by us, how about we go and explore the Divine Realm. And if an opportunity comes, we can also go to the Demon Realm. Let’s see if they have things that can upgrade the Space.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded, “Right, if we can get more things that can upgrade the Space, then that would be great. The most important thing for us right now is to upgrade the Space. Then if we meet the Immortal Cultivator in the future, &#160;we would have more ways to defend ourselves.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded before he sighed inwardly. To be honest, Zhao Hai was a bit depressed right now. It was because of the Space’s Ranch. When he played the game before, he can remember that the Ranch was able to summon divine beasts at a later time. For example, he can summon the Nine Dragons. The Space had a lot of those kinds of Divine Beasts, and their strengths were indeed very strong. What depressed Zhao Hai was the fact that these Divine Beasts should already be available once the Space reaches level 70. However, they were yet to appear. Currently, the strongest creatures in the Space were those God-rank magic beasts. Zhao Hai didn’t understand why this was at first.</p>

  <p>However, after the Space’s backgrounds were introduced, Zhao Hai was given a prompt. Since the Ark Continent was a magic plane, then the only beasts that can be brought to it were magic beasts and normal animals. On the other hand, Divine Beasts such as the nine dragons were part of the cultivator background. This explained why they were yet to be purchased in the Ranch.</p>

  <p>In other words, if Zhao Hai wanted to raise these Divine Beasts, then he would need to be in the cultivator realms. At this time, the only thing he can raise were magic beasts.</p>

  <p>This made Zhao Hai depressed. If he was able to get just a couple of these Divine Beasts, then there would be no problem in dealing with the Demons and the Divine Race.</p>

  <p>Lizzy turned to Zhao Hai and said, “We can also use this period of time to slowly wean the people to treat Brother Hai as a God. But unfortunately, our understanding of faith power was just too limited.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai sighed and said, “Let’s not dwell on that matter for long. Let’s take care of the Demons and the Divine Race first. Lizzy, Megan, do you have any plans?”</p>
</body>
</html>