<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 838: Fighting to Win</h3>

  <p>In the past, Zhao Hai was quite worried about the Divine Race’s javelin attack. However, Zhao Hai didn’t worry anymore. Now that Karen’s research has been completed, they could now use it in the army.</p>

  <p>As the Divine Race’s javelins hit the periphery of the undead army, a red shield suddenly appeared. Upon hitting the red shield, the javelins were immediately burned to ash.</p>

  <p>Currently, the crystals that Zhao Hai had the most were the fire element crystals. Therefore, Zhao Hai decided to use it for the defensive formation. At the same time, he also wanted to see how powerful the defensive formation was.</p>

  <p>Sure enough, the defensive formation didn’t disappoint Zhao Hai. Not only were the javelins blocked, they were also burned to ash. This was a testament to the defensive capability of the shield.</p>

  <p>The Divine Race were shocked by the scene before them. It wasn’t only the Divine Race who were startled, Fei’er and the others held the same shocked expression on their faces. Only the Demon Dragon King kept calm, but he couldn’t stop the smile emerging from his face.</p>

  <p>The reason why the Demon Dragon King was smiling was because Zhao Hai also equipped the Devil Legion with this defensive formation. This formation was mounted behind a large undead and was able to cover a large area. With this, whether advancing or retreating, the army would be protected either way.</p>

  <p>The defensive shield shouldn’t be underestimated. Even if the shield wasn’t defensively strong, it still could block attacks. This would reduce casualties and in turn improve the soldier’s morale.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I won’t dare fighting the Divine Race before, but now, hehe.” Then he had the magic cannons retreat as the other undead proceeded to push on.</p>

  <p>This undead rush made the Divine Race panic. The reason for this was because the undead were all Divine Race soldiers. They were the fallen allies that were turned into undead.</p>

  <p>The undead Divines initially rushed in a cube formation. But when they were about a kilometer away from the Divine Race army, they immediately turned into a rotating cone formation.</p>

  <p>To be honest, there were only a few soldiers among the Divine Race army that wanted to face the Ark Continent at this point. Being faced with this cube formation composed of Divine Race undead made them utterly flustered.</p>

  <p>However, the Divine Race were still worthy of their title. When the two armies clashed, their formation still kept solid. They were quickly able to establish their Domains and their formations.</p>

  <p>But then, a scene of horror appeared in front of the Divine Race. As they raised their shields, the undead army did the same. This caused the initial state of battle to remain unchanged.</p>

  <p>The speed of the cone’s rotation became even faster. This rotation didn’t have one person acting as the tip, instead, it had four people. Each member of the formation had sword-shaped Domains, it caused the entire formation to become a huge weapon.</p>

  <p>There were a lot of these formations flying through the air, heading towards the Divine Race’s defensive formation. Each cone slowly became like sharp bamboo spears, spiralling towards the enemies.</p>

  <p>These bamboo spears proceeded to skewer the Divine Race army. The formation became a meat grinder, every area they passed through would have flesh and blood flying all around.</p>

  <p>Although the Divines had established their Domains, they became helpless in front of these bamboo spears. Ony by one, each of their Domains were broken through, shattered before they met their deaths.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the situation without any change to his expression. The Demon Dragon King by his side was also looking towards the clash, his face failing to hide his shock. To be honest, he knew that even the Devil Legion wouldn’t be able to accomplish such a formation. The coordination needed to perform such a feat was astronomical, not one person was allowed to fail. Even a small mistake would completely derail the formation.</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King also knew that if the Devil Legion were to meet such a formation then even them would be punctured to death, there was no doubt about that.</p>

  <p>At the same time, Fei’er and the others were also shaken by what they saw, all of them were rendered speechless. If Zhao Hai decided to deal with them using the same method, then they would surely be finished.</p>

  <p>Although Zhao Hai was paying attention to his undead army, he had asked Cai’er to pay attention to his allies’ reactions. The reason he revealed the might of the cannons as well as the bamboo spear formation today was to show these people how formidable he was.</p>

  <p>In any alliance, a leader would need to be present. Otherwise, the alliance would be in a state of disunity. Not to say dealing with the Divine Race, an alliance leader would be needed to reduce infighting.</p>

  <p>But if one wanted to become the alliance leader, then one needed to show their might. This meant that Zhao Hai needed to stun his allies with this strength. Only with this method would the Barbarians, Winged Pegasus, and Thunder Clan listen to him. Otherwise, if Zhao Hai can’t do it, he might as well go back to the Space and sleep.</p>

  <p>The thoughts of the Barbarians and Winged Pegasus have already been confirmed by Fei’er. It was precisely because of this that Zhao Hai decided to use the Divine Race as an example. He would kill the chicken in order to frighten the monkeys. This way, the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus would be afraid of him and obey his commands.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was very glad about this alliance. This was because he knew that it would take a long time to deal with the Divine Race if he was alone. But with the help of more people, the time needed would be greatly reduced.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai didn’t want to listen to another person’s command. He still had the vigor of a young male, he didn’t want someone to dictate &#160;his actions.</p>

  <p>Now it seems like the results were very good. The Barbarians, Winged Pegasus, and the Thunder Clan were all shaken by his action. Later on, they wouldn’t have any reservations in following his command.</p>

  <p>At this point, the Divine Race were flustered. They didn’t expect Zhao Hai’s attack to be this fierce. It gave them little to no chance to retaliate.</p>

  <p>This time, the bamboo spear blistered into smaller bamboo spears. This caused the Divine Race army to be disturbed, finding it hard to keep their shape. In the end, the previously fearless Divine Race army started to have some deserters among their numbers.</p>

  <p>In fact, Zhao Hai had used this bamboo spear formation once before, but since there weren’t so many people in the formation, its might wasn’t that big. But now that Zhao Hai had a lot of undead Divines in his hand, this allowed the formation to show its true might.</p>

  <p>As the Divine Race soldiers ran away, Zhao Hai immediately gave an order to the Barbarians, Winged Pegasus, and the Thunder Clan to give chase.</p>

  <p>Meanwhile, Zhao Hai directed his other undead to clean the battlefield. All weapons discarded by the Divine Race were all captured, this included the big magic cannons up on the walls.</p>

  <p>The Divine Race soldiers left inside the Radiant Empire wasn’t a lot. The 20 million soldiers were almost all of the soldiers left. Now that the army has been routed, the entire Radiant Empire was now ripe for takeover.</p>

  <p>All involved in this fight were strong experts, it wouldn’t be a problem for them to fight continuously for one or two days. However, the Divine Race were completely scared off by Zhao Hai. This caused them to be unable to muster up some courage. All of them were scampering to return back to the Divine Realm.</p>

  <p>Naturally, Zhao Hai wouldn’t just have them retreat easily. They continuously chased the Divine Race soldiers up to the rift. While the others were going with the assault, Zhao Hai was actually in the Radiant Empire gathering all the supplies that the Divine Race had left. The most important harvests that Zhao Hai gained were grains, Goblins, and magic cannons.</p>

  <p>There were plenty of supplies inside the Radiant Church, all of which were taken by Zhao Hai. The Radiant Empire was different compared to the rest of the Ark Continent. The people of the Radiant Empire were all sacrificed by the Radiant Church. Because of this, their belongings were still present. This caused Zhao Hai’s harvest to be more than expected.</p>

  <p>These supplies were not really good, most of them were even quite old. There wouldn’t be anyone in the Ark Continent who would want to use them. Even the Beastmen would decline such items. Zhao Hai had made a place like the church in the Beastman territory. This allowed the Beastmen to trade their goods for living materials that they need.</p>

  <p>But this didn’t matter since Zhao Hai planned to hand these supplies over to the Demons and the Goblins. The Demons were completely lacking in living materials, they really didn’t have anything good to live with. Just like the Demon Dragon said, the Demons could quickly pack all of their belongings as well as get magic beasts and plants before moving to the Space. Even with this, there would still people who would come empty-handed. For these people, the Demon Dragon King had them carry stones for the Space in order to build their houses. The Demons were completely solid in their decision to keep the Space’s environment intact.</p>

  <p>There was no need to say anything about the Goblins. Besides their old and ripped pants, they simply didn’t have anything else. Giving them these supplies would surely elevate their situation.</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King has always been with Zhao Hai, therefore, he was able to see the undead basically scraping everything off the ground and then taking it to the Space. As long as something was useful, then it would be taken away. No matter if it was in good condition or bad, whether it was new or old, everything was taken. This caused the Demon Dragon King to be confused. However, the Demon Dragon King still kept an eye out for these things, the Demons were just too poor.</p>

  <p>While Zhao Hai was proceeding with his plunder, the Divine Race continued to run back to the Divine Realm. In the final moments, a defensive troop stayed behind to stop the pursuing soldiers.</p>

  <p>Although they were yet to attack the Divine Realm, Fei’er and the others were still very happy. They just managed to repel the Divine Race, this was definitely a good start to their plans. At the same time, it provided them confidence to fight against the Divine Race.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai also left some cities untouched. These cities were to be handed over to Fei’er and the others to rest in.</p>

  <p>After exchanging words with Fei’er and the others, everyone went back to take a rest. Zhao Hai led the Devil Legion as they went back to the Demon’s Space.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai discovered that the Demon Space has greatly changed. A lot of Demons already had their houses built. Those who didn’t have their own house were also in the process of building them. The reason they were slow was because they almost exclusively used materials from the Ark Continent or the Demon Realm. They rarely acquired materials from the Space.</p>

  <p>After seeing his people bustling about inside the Space, the Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but smile as he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, I really want to give you my utmost gratitude. If it weren’t for you, I’m afraid my people wouldn’t be able to live this kind of life.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly as he waved his hand, “There’s no need to be too polite. Right, I just gained a lot of materials from the Radiant Empire. If you need them, I can provide a share of those things to you. What do you think?”</p>

  <p>When the Demon Dragon King heard this, he couldn’t help but smile, “That would be great. Thanks.” Zhao Hai smiled before he took out piles of those supplies out into the Space.</p>

  <p>When the piles appeared, the Demon Dragon King immediately had people distribute them. After the Demon Dragon King was finished with his task, he was immediately invited by Zhao Hai inside the sword carriage. After the two sat down, Zhao Hai said, “Demon Dragon, I want to tell you something. A few days ago, another spatial rift appeared in the continent….” Then Zhao Hai told the Demon Dragon King about the Atlanta Plane.</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King’s expression stayed tranquil. Now that the Demons were going to enter the Space, he doesn’t need to worry about this anymore. However, he knew that Zhao Hai must have a reason to tell him about this. Therefore, he kept listening. After Zhao Hai finished speaking, Demon Dragon asked, “What does mister want to do?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s tone turned to serious as he said, “Eliminate them when they come. Then we’ll snatch their magic armors and use it to deal with the Divine Race.”</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King nodded and said, “Does mister want us to send some troops?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I only have my eyes on them, but I can’t guarantee if we can use them in the future. I just told you about it so that you can prepare. I also want you to pick some Demons who are enthusiastic about magic formations. We’ll have them make their own magic armor as soon as possible.”</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King wrinkled his brows as he said, “Mister, why would you go through so much trouble? We can just grab their method of production and reproduce them in the Space. If Mister’s strength isn’t enough, the Demons can send troops to help you.”</p>
</body>
</html>