<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1180: Aren’t You Just Looking For A Woman?</h3>

  <p>After speaking to Tao Ke, Ma Fenglei turned to Zhao Hai and said, “You’re Zhao Hai? Good, very good. Let this old Ma express his gratitude.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Bishop Ma is too polite. Sun Fei and I are friends. And since Sun Fei is from the Fire Temple, it’s natural that I would help him. I hope that Bishop Ma wouldn’t think that I’m budging into your matters.”</p>

  <p>When he heard Zhao Hai, Ma Fenglei laughed and said, “Kid, you’re quite interesting. Why would I think that? There are some people in the Machine Field who think that the Magic Church Alliance had become weak. They’re like dogs and cats that can’t wait to urinate on our territories. What a joke. Even ants from the Machine Field Army dared to spit on our faces. Hahaha. And he doesn’t even represent the army. Even if those old commanders come here, they would still need my approval to do anything.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t say anything as he just smiled. But on the other hand, Tao Ke turned pale white. If other people have said this, then he might not care. However, it was Ma Fenglei, often called Crazy Ma by a lot of people. There was nothing that he wouldn’t dare to do.</p>

  <p>Seeing that Zhao Hai didn’t respond, Ma Fenglei turned his eyes back to Tao Ke. He sneered and said, “What? You want to test my patience? Captain Tao Ke, right? I’ll start with you.” Then he waved his hand, causing Tao Ke to be held down by one of the Fire Temple’s men. Tao Ke was pinned to the ground, but he didn’t do anything to resist.</p>

  <p>After taking Tao Ke down, Ma Fenglei said, “Find those people who came here earlier. Then send word to the Machine Field Army about what happened. Have them deal with their own men. If they can’t do it, then this Ma Fenglei will discipline them myself!” After Ma Fenglei said this, one of his men immediately complied and left to do the task.</p>

  <p>Seeing that the situation has been handled, Ma Fenglei turned to Zhao Hai as he smiled and said, “Zhao Hai, you did well. However, this matter will bring you quite the trouble. How do you plan to deal with it?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nonchalantly smiled and said, “How to deal with it? I’ll do the same as Bishop Ma. In the competition, I’ll make sure to erase any person from the Machine Field Army unlucky enough to face me.” Zhao Hai was smiling the entire time he said this line. He didn’t have any hint of killing aura on him at all. His tone was natural and peaceful, it was as though he was talking with some folks while eating some steamed buns.</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Ma Fenglei’s pupils shrunk for a moment, then he laughed and said, “Good, good. Hahaha. So Zhao Hai, why don’t you join my Fire Temple? If you do, I’ll make you a Camp Lord.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Ma Fenglei, Xiong Li and the others couldn’t help but suck in cold air. There were no ascender Camp Lords in the entire Machine Field. Ma Fenglei’s appreciation for Zhao Hai actually made him invite Zhao Hai to be a Camp Lord. This was a very important matter.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Ma Fenglei, then he smiled faintly and said, “Bishop Ma must be joking. You should be aware of my relationship with Margaret. How could I join the Fire Temple?”</p>

  <p>Ma Fenglei looked at Zhao Hai and said, “I see no reason why not. Aren’t you just looking for a woman? As long as you join the Fire Temple, you can have all the women you want.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared at Ma Fenglei, then he laughed and said, “Bishop Ma, you think this Zhao Hai is lacking women? Aren’t you looking down on me too much?”</p>

  <p>Hearing Zhao Hai’s&#160; response, Xiong Li and the others couldn’t help but get nervous. Ma Fenglei’s temperament was very infamous in the Machine Field. Zhao Hai was probably the first person to talk to Ma Fenglei like this in the past several years.</p>

  <p>However, their worries were blown away when Ma Fenglei suddenly burst out laughing as he said, “Good, good. I haven’t misjudged you.” Then he turned his hand before throwing something towards Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai caught the object and saw that it was a small badge.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Ma Fenglei in confusion. Ma Fenglei smiled faintly and said, “It’s a Guest Badge of the Fire Temple. We have a lot of guest experts in the Temple. Since you don’t want to join us, take that instead.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Ma Fenglei, Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Alright, then I’ll be impolite and take this. This Zhao Hai thanks Bishop Ma.” Ma Fenglei laughed once more before he waved his hand and left the restaurant.</p>

  <p>When Ma Fenglei left, Zhao Hai turned to look at Xiong Li and the others and said, “We haven’t eaten yet but people have already been disturbing us. But it seems like nobody will disturb us now. Let’s eat! We’re not leaving this place until we’re drunk.”</p>

  <p>Xiong Li looked at Zhao Hai and then he suddenly laughed and said, “Brother Zhao, I really admire your courage. Did you know that nobody talks to Ma Fenglei like that? Even Machine Field natives wouldn’t dare, much less ascenders.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai just smiled and didn’t say anything. He believed that Ma Fenglei wouldn’t move against him. Moreover, the Fire Temple was currently at its weakest point. If Ma Fenglei decided to attack Zhao Hai, then he’s not worthy of the position of Bishop.</p>

  <p>The reason why Ma Fenglei dared to publicly berate the Machine Field Army was because he didn’t only have the Fire Temple at his back, the Church Alliance would also support him.</p>

  <p>Because of the recent event, the Divine Earth Palace and the Fire Temple were heavily damaged. It can be said that their vitality had suffered an injury. These two churches were very important pillars of the Church Alliance. Damage to these two would also damage the alliance. Because of this, the Alliance has to be united at this time. Whether it be the Warrior Association or the Machine Field Army, the Alliance would certainly counter-attack if either of these two dared to move against them.</p>

  <p>Therefore, Ma Fenglei dared to offend the Machine Field Army at this time. However, Ma Fenglei wouldn’t offend Zhao Hai. This was because Zhao Hai held a very special status in the Ashley Family. Ma Fenglei also received information that the Ashley Family had withdrawn all of their participants save for Zhao Hai. In this case, if Ma Fenglei dared to touch Zhao Hai, then the Ashley Family would certainly retaliate heavily.</p>

  <p>Actually, even if the Fire Temple was damaged, it was still not afraid of the Ashley Family. However, the Ashley Family was an important pillar of the Dark Church. If they fought with the Ashley Family, the Dark Church would certainly insert themselves. This was something that the Fire Temple would never want to happen.</p>

  <p>Due to these considerations, Zhao Hai determined that Ma Fenglei wouldn’t do anything to him. Moreover, from what Zhao Hai can see, Ma Fenglei wasn’t the sort of person to do that.</p>

  <p>The group returned to their private room. When they got settled in, the staff immediately brought in meat and wine. Moreover, it can be seen that the items they brought in were the best quality goods. It was obvious that they were very thankful for what Zhao Hai and the others did.</p>

  <p>After the staff left the room, Dongfang Yu looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Zhao, are you really planning to erase the Machine Field Army’s people in the qualifiers?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I am, but I’ll have to look more into the matter. After all, I don’t just represent myself, I’m also carrying the Ashley Family’s name. I don’t want to cause trouble for the family. If the Machine Field Army is really concerned about their pride, then I’ll have no choice but to be impolite.”</p>

  <p>Dongfang Yu looked at Zhao Hai then he laughed and said, “Good, good. Hahaha. If they really hold on to their pride, then make sure to inform me. If I meet anyone from the Machine Field Army, I’ll also destroy them.”</p>

  <p>Xiong Li laughed and said, “Why are you two making plans on your own? Count me in!”</p>

  <p>“Me too!”, Sun Fei said as he lifted his wine glass. Everyone laughed before they clinked their glasses and downed their wine in one go.</p>

  <p>The group ate meat and drank wine until they could no longer consume anything. When they wanted to get the check, the restaurant staff told them that their meal was free of charge.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai wasn’t too polite and expressed his thanks before leaving the restaurant. Just as Zhao Hai got outside, his driver greeted him and said, “Mister Zhao Hai, the General Manager want me to tell you that he has something to talk to you about.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned his head to Xiong Li and the others and said, “Brother Xiong, Brother Dongfang, Brother Sun, I’ll have to leave first. Let’s share more drinks in the future whenever we’re free.”</p>

  <p>Xiong Li and the others held their fists to salute Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai returned the gesture before he got into the car. Looking at Zhao Hai’s car quickly speeding out of sight, Xiong Li sighed and said, “Brother Zhao is truly not an average person. I can’t compare to him.”</p>

  <p>Dongfang Yu smiled bitterly and said, “Not just you. Even those old foxes wouldn’t compare to Zhao Hai. It’s ridiculous to think that I expected him to be someone who only knows how to cultivate. He certainly wasn’t an ordinary person back in the lower realms.”</p>

  <p>Sun Fei nodded, “Brother Hai is strong. However, he wouldn’t kill people easily. But if you become his enemy, then your future won’t be bright. It’s fortunate that I was able to meet you outside the stadium. If I didn’t apologize, then I might suffer in the future.”</p>

  <p>When Xiong Li and Dongfang Yu heard Sun Fei, they couldn’t help but laugh. They knew that what Sun Fei said was right. If he didn’t meet them, then he would certainly suffer under Zhao Hai. After all, they were in a hostile relationship before.</p>

  <p>But what the three didn’t know was that they were beginning to subconsciously think that they were no match against Zhao Hai. It was only a matter of time before they would truly be defeated.&#160;</p>

  <p>The three exchanged a few more words before bidding each other farewell. They needed to find a place to digest their experiences today. They also needed to tell their groups about what just transpired so that they could make the right preparations. After all, this incident involved a lot of big groups. And they believed that this incident was the exact reason why the Ashley Family called Zhao Hai back.</p>
</body>
</html>