<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 650: Seeing Their Reaction</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai was going in good graces with the Elves with him wanting to repair their Divine Artifact. But how about them? After waiting for a long time for their reply, they were still quite silent about the matter. This made Zhao Hai speechless.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai would still want to have a proper response from the Elven Race. Therefore, he nodded and said, “Alright, then we’ll wait for the Elves’ response while I head to the Beastman Prairie. I’ll also have the Beast King sign this scroll, the same with the Fishman Race. As soon as the Elves send word, then use this to inform me.” Then Zhao Hai took out a Messenger Fish and gave to Billy.</p>

  <p>Billy looked curiously at the fishes, he had never heard of such a thing before. He continued to look at the swimming fish inside the bottles, then he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “This thing can directly speak to you?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Right, but not just me. It can also make you speak with other people. I don’t have a lot of Messenger Fishes, but here’s ten. You can give them to your people so that you can more conveniently communicate with them.” Then he took out ten more bottles and handed them over to Billy, who received it with great happiness.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai also discussed some things with Billy. They weren’t something important, he just told Billy to not make any other moves and just keep doing what they were originally doing. However, he also made them get more alert to their surroundings. After that, Zhao Hai left the Dwarf Mountain and headed to the Beastman Prairie.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai went directly to the Beast King Palace. After Zhao Hai left, the people in the Palace were already instructed by the Beast King, Zhao Hai wouldn’t need to wait for approval in visiting the Palace, just have him enter immediately. However, Zhao Hai didn’t want to neglect standard procedure. So he went to the reception first before he was immediately escorted into the palace.</p>

  <p>The Beast King didn’t hear much news from the continent. After all, the Prairie was too remote for information to quickly come through. Therefore, the Beast King was very surprised by Zhao Hai’s sudden appearance. However, he still greeted Zhao Hai and sat with him in the living room.</p>

  <p>After having sat down, the Beast King looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Why did you come? Did something happen?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he sighed, “Something significant just happened. Yesterday, the Ocean Waves Dynasty suddenly announced that they would be handing the throne over to the Radiant Church. Now, the Dynasty no longer exists and was replaced by the Radiant Church. It is now called Radiant Empire and is fully controlled by the Radiant Church’s officials. At the same time, the Dragons suddenly came out of Accra Mountain and extinguished the Lyon Imperial Clan. After that, they founded the Saint Dragon Empire and had formed an alliance with the Radiant Church.”</p>

  <p>The Beast King stared for a moment before his expression changed. He immediately understood what this meant. As if by habit, he stood up and walked back and forth two times before he turned his head to Zhao Hai and said, “The Dragons must be destroyed. Their name is too famous that it instills fear to the people. If this continues, we wouldn’t be able to fight.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared at the Beast King, he didn’t expect him to understand the core of the matter. Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Right, I was planning to do exactly just that. I only came here to inform you of this matter while also reminding you to be alert. The Radiant Church might come and deal with you. Now that they have the help of the Dragons, they can come and attack you at any moment. Therefore, you must strengthen your defenses.”</p>

  <p>The Beast King nodded and then he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Do you want us to dispatch some troops to deal with the Dragons?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “No need, I can deal with them myself. However, I need your help to sign this.” Then he handed the beast skin scroll over.</p>

  <p>The Beast King read the scroll before marking it with the brand of the Beastmen. There’s nothing special in this scroll, it just mentioned the relationship between the Radiant Church and the Divine Race. It also contained the story regarding the Divine Race as well as the Demon Realm. This was something that Zhao Hai planned to show the Emperors of the nations as well as the Patriarchs of various Great Clans. He planned to have the signatures of the Beastmen, the Dwarves, the Fishmen, and the Elves before showing this scroll to the others. They needed to understand that they were currently facing the same enemy!</p>

  <p>The Beast King approved of Zhao Hai’s procedure. He’s a King therefore he knew that since the Radiant Church and the Dragons have begun, it was also time for Zhao Hai to make his move. Therefore, Zhao Hai prepared this scroll ahead of time so that when he goes to the Humans, they would immediately unite against the great tribulation that was coming.</p>

  <p>After the Beast King signed the scroll, Zhao Hai immediately took out a Messenger Fish bottle and handed it over to the Beast King while explaining its function. Then he took out 10 more bottles for the Beast King to use. This made the King very happy. Although the Beastmen had hawks for communication, they still fell quite short compared to the Messenger Fish.</p>

  <p>After handling the matters of the Beastmen, Zhao Hai immediately returned to the Space. Laura and the others were also waiting for him inside. To be honest, they were still shaken dizzy by the news that they didn’t know what to do.</p>

  <p>Seeing that Zhao Hai had come back, Laura and the others immediately went to him and said, “Brother Hai, what do we do now? Will we go and extinguish the Dragons?’</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “That’s the only thing we could do in order to keep the damage at the minimum. Their bodies are too tough while they have huge strength. They shouldn’t have appeared in the continent, but they had actually sided themselves with the Divine Race. In the Fishman records, these Dragons had become the vanguard of the Divine Race’s war. One could say that the Dragons would do the brunt of the work while the God would move once in a while. It was only because of the Divine Artifacts injuring the God that the war had ended. With this information, it would be impossible for us to just let the Dragons roam free while waiting for the attack from the Divine Race.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded, she also knew that in the previous war, the Divine Race had only sent one person to do the job. The main force of the combat came into the hands of the Dragons and their Lesser Dragon subordinates along with some rebels from the Ark Continent’s side. The moves that the Divine Race God had done was actually quite a few. Therefore, Zhao Hai’s plan to eliminate the Dragons was quite understandable.</p>

  <p>After she gave a nod, Laura asked, “So when do we begin?” At this point, Laura was very confident. Zhao Hai had a lot of 9th rank undead, several millions of them. With this number of 9th ranks, even if the Dragons were formidable, they still couldn’t stand a chance against Zhao Hao’s force.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai thought for a moment and said, “Let’s not be too quick about this. Let’s have the Dragons savor their victory for a few days. We’ll wait after we get the Elves’ signature before beginning. Hmph. The Dragon Clan and the Radiant Church had just obtained their countries, so they still need to stabilize their situation. We still have time.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded. Although the Dragon Race and the Radiant Church didn’t take too much work in usurping the two nations since they had the support of the nobles, the countries still had a massive amount of commoners that needed to be appeased. Although the countries haven’t experience war this time, they were still susceptible for rebellion. It will still take quite some time before they fully stabilize their situation.</p>

  <p>If other forces were to suddenly extinguish the Lyon Empire, then the Rosen Empire and the Buddha Empire would certainly dispatch their army. And even if they couldn’t defeat them, at the very least they could still get some profits off of them. However, since the new rulers of the Lyon Empire were Dragons, the Buddha and Rosen Empires have chosen to refrain from sending troops and instead just recognize the Dragons’ sovereignty over the Empire.</p>

  <p>This was also the reason why Zhao Hai chose to eliminate the Dragons!</p>

  <p>The reputation of the Dragons in the continent was just too big. They were basically synonymous with invincibility, every race were afraid of them. This reputation was exactly what was left of their conquest in helping the Divine Race. The Human records have been changed severely that the strength of the Dragons was the only one that was left written down.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai saw this as something that the Radiant Church had done. They had changed the history of the Humans while leaving behind the legend of the Dragon Race. This was to control the mindset of the future generations whenever they decide to deal with the legendary beings in Accra Mountain.</p>

  <p>All of this caused Zhao Hai to think about extinguishing the Dragon Race. First was to avoid further disaster, second, to break an arm of the Divine Race, and third, to let people understand that Dragons aren’t invincible.</p>

  <p>Naturally, if Zhao Hai didn’t exist, then the Dragons would surely be close to being invincible. After all, in addition to their innate strengths, their bodies were quite tough as well. Most importantly, they were capable of flight. This was something that the continent would deem as a nightmare.</p>

  <p>But unfortunately for them, Zhao Hai had appeared in the continent. Even if the Dragons were quite close to being invincible, Zhao Hai would still make sure to break their reputation.</p>

  <p>Although he had decided on his action, Zhao Hai was still carefully calculating his moves. He didn’t want something to suddenly happen and undermine his plans.</p>

  <p>After carefully thinking about everything, Zhao Hai started to feel relieved. In fact, Zhao Hai also understood that even if the Divine Race would make a sudden move, he could still get all of the people in the continent to transfer to his Space. In addition to the main world, Zhao Hai also had an additional 20 backgrounds to live in. More importantly, security wasn’t a problem while inside the Space.</p>

  <p>It was because of this assurance that Zhao Hai dared to go against the Divine Race. As long as he had the Space, Zhao Hai believed that he would be able to defeat them.</p>

  <p>After resting for one day, Zhao Hai said his farewells to Luo Ying before riding the blade scale whale and heading towards Mermaid Island. Zhao Hai didn’t use his Space to go there since he wanted to use this time to wait for the response from the Elves. At the same time, he also wanted to know how the Fishmen respond after hearing the recent news.</p>
</body>
</html>