<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 856: A Place to Train In</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the group and smiled faintly, “I just saw a group of Foreign Race God-ranks earlier in the Taurus Continent. They appeared not far from Holy Light City. I took the leaders of the Ark Continent’s Foreign races met them. However, those people didn’t look good to us, so I didn’t invite them back here. Fei’er, did you have a prior agreement with the Foreign Races?”</p>

  <p>Fei’er remembered the attitude of those Foreign God-ranks, his face turned ugly as he nodded and said, “We did have an agreement with them. We planned to cooperate and split what we gained. I think they came here since we haven’t sent some people since we came out of the Ark Continent. To be honest, I really don’t like those guys, they’re too arrogant. If I could say, the Divines didn’t like them because they were also too proud.”</p>

  <p>As soon as the Great Demon King and the others heard Fei’er, they couldn’t help but laugh. Zhao Hai laughed as well. Fei’er liked to joke, especially now when they didn’t have too much to worry about.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Those people are truly arrogant. I think they will stay in the vicinity in the next few days. We need to proceed with our plan and clean the entire Taurus Continent.”</p>

  <p>Fei’er and the others nodded. They were now quite eager to try conquering the Taurus Continent. They understood that with the Hell King’s ship, cities would be easily taken care of.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the group and smiled, “Good. Then go and prepare your army. We’ll move tomorrow. Right, after you head back, have your people clean the entire city. We’ll take them with us inside the Hell King’s ship.”</p>

  <p>The group nodded before they turned around to leave. The Great Demon King, along with the Demon Dragon King remained. Zhao Hai looked at them and said, “How’s life in the Space doing? Are you satisfied?”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King laughed and said, “Satisfied, beyond satisfied. To be honest, this is the dream of the entire Demon Race. Our people are now properly settled down, we’ve even started to learn how to farm. Mister can rest assured that we won’t disrupt the Space’s environment.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “That’s great. Let me tell you something. I’ve also given the same environment to the Divines we captured. I want to leave them there and see where they’ll develop. But who would’ve thought that they would proceed to frantically destroy everything inside, including the Bread Trees I’ve prepared for them to eat. Without those fruits, I don’t believe they would last for long. It’s a pity, I’ve given them a chance, but they decided to throw it away.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King and Demon Dragon King stared blankly, disbelief written on their faces. Then the Great Demon King said, “Did the Divines really do that? Why?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said, “They must have thought that I would enslave them. In any case, their Space is completely different to what it used to be. They’re different from the Demons who lived in the Demon Realm. The Divines in the Divine Realm hardly encountered anything bad. They’re used to being proud, looking down at those different than them. They had completely lost their judgement. And they call themselves Divine Race, hahahaha!”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King proceeded to laugh as well. However, the two Demons can understand Zhao Hai’s underlying emotion. Zhao Hai was angry. The Divines were unappreciative to what Zhao Hai gave them. The opportunity that was offered to them was completely trashed.</p>

  <p>The two were stuck not knowing what to say. They couldn’t help but think about the Demon Race. If the Demons were defeated by Zhao Hai, what would they do after being sent to the Space? Would they do the same as the captured Divines?</p>

  <p>The two thought that the outcome would just be the same as right now. Demons were simple beings, and living in the Space had given them great comfort. They would still take care of the grass and the trees there. This was because the environment was much better compared to the Demon Realm.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the two and smiled, “Right, later on, I want the Devil Legion to go to a Space to train. That way, maybe they can break through to God-rank.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King were stunned. They looked at Zhao Hai in confusion. Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I’ll take you to another Space, but you might not like it very much.” Then he waved his hand as they disappeared from the ship. The next moment, the three of them appeared inside the Hell background.</p>

  <p>The two Demons couldn’t help but stare blankly at the surroundings. It was quite similar to the Demon Realm, no, it was much worse than the Demon Realm.</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King looked around him before turning his head to Zhao Hai and asking, “Mister, this place is?’</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “This is my Hell Space. It isn’t very different compared to the Demon Realm. Here, I can promote the level of my undead and can plant some special plants. These special plants will be used to make my God-rank potions, allowing 9th ranks to become God-ranks. But it’s a pity that I can’t make much of the potion at this time, otherwise I would’ve given them to the Devil Legion.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King looked at each other and saw the amazement on their eyes. Breaking through from 9th rank to God-rank was very difficult. There were countless 9th ranks in the Demon Realm, but there were only few God-ranks due to the suffering and hardship that came with it. It can be said that in ten thousand 9th ranks, it would be lucky if one of them were able to break through.</p>

  <p>Who would’ve thought that Zhao Hai would be able to make a potion to make 9th ranks to God-ranks. This was too astonishing. It seems like they were still underestimating Zhao Hai’s capabilities.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the two and said, “This is one of the most recent backgrounds I’ve gained. Although its environment isn’t good, Demons can certainly cultivate here. In fact, I will send some people from the Ark Continent here to train. I want the Devil Legion to train here as well. What do you think?”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King looked at each other before nodding. Although this background was quite treacherous, the Devil Legion still needed that final push before breaking through. Once they upgrade their strength, their accomplishments would surely be limitless.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King and said, “I opened this Space before. It was during the Demon Realm’s beast tide. At that time, I had them sent here. With fierce magic beasts inhabiting this place, I believe that it would be the best training ground there is.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King stared, but they also nodded in the end. The magic beasts of the Ark Continent and the Divine Realm were totally different compared to those in the Demon Realm. Magic beasts of the Demon Realm had the savagery found nowhere else. In terms of training, the magic beasts of the Demon Realm were indeed the best.</p>

  <p>Originally, the Great Demon King was worried that the Demons would lose their tenacity after living in a good environment. But now that this place existed, the worry vanished into thin air.</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King nodded and said, “Alright, I agree to mister’s plan. When I head back, I’ll let the Devil Legion train here.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “There’s no need to be anxious. It’s fine if we don’t send them all at once. Let’s do it in batches. What do you think?”</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King gave a nod, “Alright. If we send them in all at once, then we might experience &#160;a shortage of people. We’ll just move slowly and have them slowly accumulate experience here.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Then it’s settled. Let’s have the first batch be 100 thousand people. They can come in at any time.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King nodded. Then Zhao Hai waved his hand as they returned to the Hell King’s Ship in the Divine Realm. At this time, Fei’er and the others were preparing for tomorrow’s attack. Zhao Hai looked at the two Demons and said, “Your Majesty, Demon Dragon, you go and prepare as well. When the time comes, I’ll call you over. Right, inform the Devil Legion about the Foreign God-ranks. Have them be vigilant. If those guys decide to attack the Devil Legion, then don’t hesitate to fight back.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King gave out a short laugh before they turned around and left. At this time, Laura and the others walked out of the cabin. Meg cleaned the table and placed some snacks. Meanwhile, Laura said, “I didn’t think the Foreign Races in the Divine Realm would be that disappointing.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It’s possible that they had gone dull after living in the Divine Realm for some time. They had become arrogant. Hehe, let’s stop caring about them. If they aren’t doing well, they will surely beg us for help.”</p>

  <p>Laura shook her head and said, “I hope they won’t ask us for help. Or else Brother Hai would surely give a hand.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled, then he drank some of his tea as he looked at the horizon. After some time, Zhao Hai said, “To be honest, the Divine Realm looks very good. I’m not cruel enough to come and just destroy it.”</p>

  <p>Laura and the others also looked at the scenery. Then Lizzy sighed and said, “It would be nice if we weren’t enemies. Unfortunately, the Divines are too ambitious for their own good.”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and said, “Brother Hai, there’s no need to worry over it. Remember the Divines in the Space? They’ve brought this onto themselves.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai bitterly smiled. To be honest, he was indeed thinking too much about this matter. He didn’t understand why the Divine Race were too arrogant. Was it because they thought that they were invincible? They didn’t expect to be defeated by someone other than their own kin? Perhaps this was why they couldn’t accept their current defeat.</p>
</body>
</html>