<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 622: Mobile Phone? Telephone?</h3>

  <p>The Space’s ability to communicate had always been a problem. Only Zhao Hai had the ability to conveniently use it. If Laura and the others left the Space, then Zhao Hai can only find them before appearing in their midst. Or he could have Cai’er tell them what was going on. But Cai’er was only one entity, making multiple communications quite inconvenient.</p>

  <p>Now that he had the messenger fish, everything became different. When the messenger entered the space, it was immediately strengthened and improved. And since the Space came from Earth, the messenger fish’s communication has been upgraded, it can now talk!</p>

  <p>Naturally, this didn’t mean that the fish itself was able to converse. This meant that the fish can now convey spoken word. Zhao Hai can now speak towards the messenger fish and then had the message transmitted through the Space and then to another Space produced messenger fish on someone else’s hand.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai heard of this new function, he couldn’t help but get stunned. So the Space would essentially function like a satellite while the messenger fishes would act as mobile phones.</p>

  <p>Although messenger fishes cannot leave water, which was their weak point, this wasn’t an issue for Zhao Hai and the others. He can have space bags that contained bottles in them. Once the fishes were placed on the bottles, then they can be stored inside the space bags.</p>

  <p>These messenger fish weren’t large, and their appearance were also beautiful, so they can pass off as ornamental fishes. Even if it wasn’t placed in a space bag, it would still function like a landline when placed at someone’s office.</p>

  <p>It wasn’t only Zhao Hai who was pleasantly surprised at this new discovery. Laura and the others were also extremely stunned. They immediately had Cai’er mass produce these messenger fishes inside the Space, then had them sent over to Kun, Green, and the others. In the future, communicating with everyone would be much more convenient.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and the others weren’t expecting to reap huge harvests in their trip to the Fishmen this time. For them, this harvest was very important. Because of this, every single important matter of the Buda Clan would quickly reach Zhao Hai’s ears at the quickest possible time.</p>

  <p>While Zhao Hai and the others were busy with the messenger fish, Luo Ying wasn’t idling as well. The enemy had finally made their move two hours after their previous attack.</p>

  <p>This attack was different from the conical formation from before. This time, they were advancing in a straightforward manner. It seems like they want a huge fight. Zhao Hai and the others were inside the Azure Dragon Snail, looking at the scene through the water curtain.</p>

  <p>Luo Ying’s table had a messenger fish. This fish was placed on a crystal bowl and was used to send messages to different people. But compared to the Space’s messenger fish, this fish naturally fell short.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t have the interest to pay any attention to this messenger fish at this point. He just blankly stared at the enemy forces who were slowly inching forward. Their speed wasn’t very quick, and their formation was very compact. The enemy’s formation and Luo Ying’s formation were almost similar, both formations looked like a Rubik’s cube.</p>

  <p>In front of the enemy’s formation were the Electric Eels and other long-ranged attackers. It looks like the opposite party was prepared to launch a large scale attack.</p>

  <p>Luo Ying was also paying attention to the lineup of the enemy. At the same time, she was using magic directed at the messenger fishes as she gave one command after another.</p>

  <p>Naturally, Luo Ying didn’t use this to give command to the entire army. She sends messages to her officers through this fish and then the officers would them relay the message to the appropriate units.</p>

  <p>Along with the advancement of the enemy, the defensive line had also started to change bit by bit. Those defensive Fishmen who weren’t afraid of the Electric Eels had slowly reached the front of the formation. The offensive Fishmen were also slowly going to the back.</p>

  <p>This was the first time that Zhao Hai would see a full collision between two Fishman armies. The two sides faced off at this small piece of the defensive line. It was like there was a rule that one would attack while one defends.</p>

  <p>The distance between the two armies was getting shorter and shorter. At about 200 meters away, the advancing army stopped. Then suddenly, blue lightning started to appear from the enemy’s formation. This lightning quickly crept towards the defending troops. Naturally, this was the Electric Eels launching their attacks.</p>

  <p>The defensive troops quickly responded, the defensive race made a move as them and their mounts blocked the attack.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai paid close attention to the battle. He wasn’t expecting the Electric Eels to be able to control lightning so well. When electricity is used underwater, it would generally disperse immediately. Attacking using electricity underwater was near impossible, but the Electric Eels still managed to do it. This showed how strong their attacks were, to Zhao Hai, it was really amazing.</p>

  <p>But the defensive troops couldn’t just sit still and not counter attack. Water arrows and ice spears had started to bombard the attacking army. At this time, long-ranged attacks from both sides had started to appear.</p>

  <p>After ten rounds of long-ranged attacks, the Electric Eels had probably ran out of juice. Their lightnings were getting weaker and weaker. At this point, they were now starting to use water arrows and ice spears in attacking the defenders.</p>

  <p>However, their attacks became weaker and weaker. This scene also happened at the side of the defenders .Then the enemy army started to change. Those responsible for long-ranged attacks had slowly drawn back. Those suited for close combat started to appear at the front.</p>

  <p>Luo Ying immediately issued the command to change the formation. Their own army’s melee troops have also started to come out front. At this time, the long-ranged attacks have started to die down. Then, the melee troops started to charge.</p>

  <p>The attacking army’s charge was similar to Sha Meng’s cone formation. But this time, instead of a single giant cone, multiple smaller cones had appeared.</p>

  <p>Seeing this, Luo Ying suddenly issued another command, “Prepare the Falling Stone formation!”</p>

  <p>Immediately, the other Mermaids relayed the order and the defensive army moved. The whole army seemed to be spinning all the time. Before long, the Sea Dragon army had finally come into contact with the Mermaid army. Then suddenly, innumerable stones began to rain down on the Sea Dragon army. Given the speed at which the stones were flying, it was for certain that their damage wouldn’t be small.</p>

  <p>The enemy wasn’t expecting this move as got hit by the stones. However, they were now very close to the other army and eventually slammed into the big defensive wall. The defenders had successfully defended against the attack as their revolution remained undisturbed. Like a killing machine, the defensive army kept killing the Sea Dragon’s troops.</p>

  <p>Upon seeing this situation, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare. Then he turned his head towards Luo Luo who wasn’t far away. Luo Luo can be said to be well informed about the Fishman Race. There wasn’t a tribe that she didn’t have any knowledge of. It was because of this that the Queen had her go along with Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Seeing Zhao Hai’s look, Luo Luo immediately knew what he would ask, so she immediately said, “These attacks came from the Rockfish tribe. They’re quite strange. Generally, we Fishmen would use our water magic as long-ranged attacks. But these Rockfishes have their stones. In their bodies was a pouch that can load a certain amount of stones. When they run into an enemy, they would spurt out these stones and wound them. Although this process wasn’t very different to any offensive water magic, the damage it would cause was much greater than any water spell.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, to be honest, he already wasn’t surprised about any of these. Compared to the Fishman Race, the amount of races that were in the Beastman’s Prairie can only be considered to be miniscule.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was now admiring Luo Ying even more. Knowing each race in the sea was already quite a feat, but knowing about their special abilities and bringing them out to their full potential was something only great generals can do. And Luo Ying was able to do it.</p>

  <p>It can be said that Luo Ying’s Falling Stone Formation had already defeated the enemy’s offense. If they maintained this clash, then the enemy might be able to hold out for quite some time. However, their chance of having a deadlock has been lost. The only remaining fate for them if they continue on was a massacre.</p>

  <p>Naturally, the opposite party knew about this, so they started to slowly retreat. Their retreat was not fast, but their formation was successfully doing it. Those who performed the attack were now acting as the rear guard while the larger formations turned back.</p>

  <p>After seeing this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but nod, the commander of the opposite party surely wasn’t simple. In this case, giving up a few people to preserve the larger part was a wise idea.</p>

  <p>Then Zhao Hai turned his head to Luo Ying and said, “General, get me to send some undead to attack them. Capitalize in their retreating action and leaving them with only a few soldiers left.”</p>

  <p>Luo Ying stared, then she looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Fighting on the battlefield at this time is too dangerous for mister.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I don’t have to go out, I can just send them out from here.” After saying that, he waved his hand as clumps of black mist appeared around the Sea Dragon army. After these black mists disappeared, clumps of skeletal beasts appeared right beside the Sea Dragon army. Then those magic beasts went into a cone formation as they charged towards the retreating army.</p>

  <p>This development started suddenly and the enemy wasn’t expecting an abnormal person like Zhao Hai to be on the defending army. Zhao Hai’s undead was now starting to wreak havoc on the Sea Dragon army’s formation.</p>

  <p>Although this great formation was shaken, it was clear that their commander was extremely talented. He immediately made a response as the formation suddenly rotated. And this time, the rotation wasn’t as a whole, but it was a layer by layer rotation. These layers of rotation and counter rotations managed to block the undead attack.</p>
</body>
</html>