<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 647: Innate Treasure</h3>

  <p>When Zhao Hai heard Cai’er, he couldn’t help but be surprised. He looked at her and said, “Does that little guy have the strength to help you out?”</p>

  <p>Cai’er just smiled and said, “Young Master, don’t underestimate that fellow. He is the source of Myriad Water. He is a very strong underwater. With his help, I would definitely be able to absorb the entire reef into the Space.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned his hand to grab Bubble while pinching it a good amount of times. Naturally, this doesn’t affect Bubble, it wasn’t able to hurt him. After all, Bubble really didn’t care about what form he was in.</p>

  <p>While Bubble was being grabbed by Zhao Hai, he tried to flee towards Laura’s arms. However, he was stopped by Zhao Hai, “If you run away, I will roast you. Making you into a boiling Bubble. Go and help Cai’er absorb the reef into the Space. That thing is useful to me.”</p>

  <p>Bubble doesn’t dare offend Zhao Hai. Although he always stayed in the Space with Laura and the others while acting stubborn towards ZHao Hai, he was still very afraid of angering this Young Master of his. He was already part of the Space, and if Zhao Hai wanted to deal with him, he only needs to think about it and Bubble would disappear. And Zhao Hai can still retain his powers while making a new Bubble, a much different one compared to the original.</p>

  <p>Therefore, Bubble doesn’t dare to neglect this command, so he immediately flattered Zhao Hai, “Young Master can feel relieved. As long as the Young Master needs me, I would go through fire and water for you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai tapped his own head, he feels a little headache. He already knows what kind of person Bubble was, so why does it feel the need to flatter him?</p>

  <p>In the end, Zhao Hai decided to ignore it, he turned to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, you can begin.” Cai’er nodded, then she turned to Bubble and said, “Bubble, imprison the water here, make it clump up before I absorb it to the Space.”</p>

  <p>Bubble nodded and said, “So it’s only this? This is too simple.” Then his figure disappeared as he exited from the Blade Scale Whale while Zhao Hai and the others observe him.</p>

  <p>Bubble was seen floating there, his body rotated as he loudly said, “Surrender to the Myriad Water, condense!” After hearing this voice, Zhao Hai and the others can see that the Soul Sucking Reef had experienced a change. The water in the entire reef seems to have suddenly solidified. The water around it became stationary along with the fishes inside. Everything looks as though it was sealed in ice. However, the solidified water didn’t turn to ice.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai hasn’t seen this side of Bubble before. This guy always had a playful look as Laura and the others play with him like a pet or a naughty child. Zhao Hai couldn’t imagine that this blob would be this strong.</p>

  <p>Seeing that Bubble had delivered, Cai’er immediately said, “Absorb!” Then a spatial rift appeared and enveloped the entire reef like big pocket.</p>

  <p>The reef was directly taken from the sea to the Space, even including the rocks ten meters under the sea.</p>

  <p>Seeing this, Zhao Hai immediately turned to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er don’t put it in the Space’s sea. Look for a remote place close to the villa, prepare a place and place it there.”</p>

  <p>Cai’er nodded, then a large pond appeared right close to the villa where the reef was placed in. Cai’er directed seawater towards the big pond, then she placed a small hole on the side, making sure that there was running water in the pond.</p>

  <p>After the Soul Sucking Reef got absorbed to the Space, a prompt was then heard, “Innate Treasure found. Going in accordance to the highest good in Taoism. Laws of Heaven and Earth detected. Space Levels up. Space is now level 65. Host officially achieves God-rank. May now use Heaven and Earth energy. This was a very good level up. Hoping for the Host’s further effort.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared before he exploded with joy. He didn’t think that the lotus was actually deemed to be an Innate Treasure by the Space. It was actually a treasure that was naturally produced, which also contained the laws of Heaven and Earth. This harvest was indeed extremely good.</p>

  <p>Moreover Zhao Hai can feel that the Space’s classification of God-rank was different than outside. It seems like God-rank for the Space was much stronger than the God-ranks of the outside world.</p>

  <p>But Zhao Hai had noticed something different from this level up. It didn’t say anything about the undead or the beasts being upgraded. Other than him being a true God-rank, nothing else has changed.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai thought for a moment and probably guessed the reason. In the past, whether it be the God’s Blood or the God-rank Core, they were all based on energy, so it can manage to improve everything. On the other hand, the Soul Sucking Reef was a treasure that was based on the laws of the Heaven and the Earth. This law requires people to comprehend it. Therefore, the Space couldn’t upgrade the beasts and the undead.</p>

  <p>After thinking through this point, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh. He really got a treasure this time. Moreover, this treasure can still be upgraded. Although Zhao Hai had no idea how to improve this treasure, he can still find some time to research it in the future.</p>

  <p>With Zhao Hai making this big move, it was impossible for Luo Ying and the others to not know about it. At this time, Luo Ying had arrived right by Zhao Hai’s Blade Scale Whale, staring blankly at the pit that Zhao Hai just made. This time, they had finally witnessed the might of Zhao Hai. Nobody but him can make the entire Soul Sucking Reef vanish completely.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai also noticed Luo Ying, so he turned his head and smiled, “General, I apologize, I just noticed that there was a naturally formed magic formation here. It’s very dangerous, so I took the chance to take it away.”</p>

  <p>Luo Ying recovered, then she looked at Zhao Hai and saw the happy expression on his face. Although she didn’t know what just happened, she was sure that Zhao Hai just obtained something good. As for Zhao Hai’s gain, Luo Ying had no intention of asking about it. As far as she knows, it was virtually useless for her. Even if it was the largest treasure, the Fishman Race still haven’t managed to understand it after all these years. If Zhao Hai obtains it, then it was good. Moreover, he also got to erase a danger to the Fishman Race.</p>

  <p>Luo Ying gave a salute and said, “I congratulate Mister and also wanted to express gratitude in behalf of our Fishman Race for erasing this hidden danger.”</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai heard Luo Ying, he stared for a moment before he smiled to her and said, “The General is too polite.” At this time, Zhao Hai was pulling a thumbs up for Luo Ying deep inside. She was truly worthy to be a general. She can actually notice that he had obtained a treasure just by observation.</p>

  <p>Seeing that Zhao Hai didn’t deny it, Luo Ying became glad. This means that Zhao Hai was an honest person. So she smiled and said, “Mister, please come with me. I will be giving the Water Refining technique to you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, then I’ll be right behind the General.” Then he commanded the Blade Scale Whale to head towards the Azure Dragon Snake.</p>

  <p>Upon arriving inside the snail and having sat down, Zhao Hai smiled and then said, “I don’t want to alarm the General. Soul Sucking Reef is actually a naturally formed magic formation. I don’t know how to use this formation, so I planned to take it back in order to study it. Right, I forgot to tell the General last time. The Devil Trench actually houses a core of a high level Demon Realm magic beast. The Devil Octopus is actually a beast that was polluted by that core. The Core has already been destroyed by me, the octopi have been seized as well. There won’t be any problems in the future, the General can rest assured.”</p>

  <p>Luo Ying knit her brows and said, “That the Devil Trench actually has a Demon Realm’s magic beast core? Is this a plot by the Demon Realm?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I’m not sure. This core is a treasure in the Demon Realm, so no Demon should be willing to just place it here. However, it is also good to keep guard. If there’s anything that you can’t solve in the future, then don’t hesitate to tell me about it. I will do my best to find a solution. We must gather our strengths before the attack of the Divine Race and the Demon Realm. We should be stable as we prepare for the dozens of battles to come.”</p>

  <p>Luo Ying nodded, then she took out a beast skin scroll and handed it over to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, this is our Mermaid Race’s Water Refining Technique. I hope that it can be useful for mister. Is Mister preparing to head to the Continent? Her Majesty also asks you to see her.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “General can rest assured, I will certainly see Her Majesty. After all, I’ve already promised before. Will General not go back with us?”</p>

  <p>Luo Ying shook her head and said, “I’m unable to go back now. I still have a lot of things to do. I’m simply unable to find free time.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gave a nod, “Alright, then we’ll rest for a day here before heading towards Mermaid Island tomorrow. After seeing Her Majesty, I will then be returning to the Continent.”</p>

  <p>Luo Ying nodded and said, “Then I won’t be disturbing Mister anymore. You have been working hard in the past few days.” Zhao Hai nodded, then he gave Luo Ying a salute before turning around to leave.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai returned to the Space, he immediately opened the beast skin scroll and carefully read it. He was genuinely curious about this Water Refining Technique.</p>

  <p>The Water Refining Technique wasn’t long, nor was it difficult. There were two points in this method, one was the requirement for water. The water to be used needed to be high quality. The better the quality, the better the item that was going to be produced.</p>

  <p>The second point was about the controlling of the water. Along with its requirement for water, the control that was required for this technique was high as well. Even most water element magic formation doesn’t require this intricate control of water.</p>
</body>
</html>