<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 445: I’ll Hand it Over to You</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t know about any of these, he wasn’t monitoring them, it wasn’t necessary. After Megan returned to her room, Zhao Hai immediately took her in to the Space.</p>

  <p>Megan liked staying inside the Space now, this was because the air inside the Space is very good. There were also a lot of animals that would accompany her, making her very happy.</p>

  <p>Additionally, Megan had the lowest level among the group. So Zhao Hai wanted Megan to practice inside the Space. Megan was a Water Mage, and was found to be compatible with the Goldmetal Fruit. But her current level was too low, therefore, Zhao Hai had her work hard inside the Space to reach a high enough level to eat the Goldmetal Fruit. No matter what, she needs to reach 8th rank.</p>

  <p>Megan entered the Space and told Zhao Hai about everything that happened. Looking at Megan’s scared face, Zhao Hai smiled and said, “It’s okay, I already agreed to it. You telling me this right now actually made me happy, after all they are your family. Right, do you really want to go with me to Jade Water City tomorrow?”</p>

  <p>Megan nodded and said, “Of course, at this point I wouldn’t be able to sleep outside the Space. I blame you for this.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and Laura couldn’t help but laugh, the environment inside the Space was truly fantastic. After someone spent a long time inside, they would find it awkward to go out again.</p>

  <p>After they laughed, Laura turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, I expect to not have any troubles in Jade Water City, we can just go to the Capital afterwards. Also, after we reach Carson City, when will you plan to visit His Highness Charlie?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai thought for a moment and said, “I’ll head to Charlie after we arrive at Carson City, then to the Calci Family. We belong to the family, so they should give us some room to be polite. But Charlie on the other hand needs special attention, that’s why I’ll be visiting him first. Moreover, if we visit Charlie first, nobody would think that the Calci Family had any part in our partnership.”</p>

  <p>Megan just looked at Zhao Hai and didn’t speak. Her current experience regarding these things was too low. There were a lot of things to consider in this matter, so at this time she can only listen.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai turned to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, do we have anything to harvest? It’s God’s Grace Day, it’s certain that those marine products will sell well in the capital. We also need to have some for the Clan.”</p>

  <p>Cai’er nodded and said, “Yes, we have some in the sea, river, and the hot springs. This time, we can take them all to Carson City.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to Laura and said, “Laura, we should leave behind some good products for Mu’er, he’s unfamiliar with Jade Water City. He needs to do great these days.”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and said, “It’s alright, no need to worry. Recently, their lives in Jade Water City is very good. Although the city wasn’t as good as Sky Water City, it is still an important port city of the Rosen Empire. Since you gave them enough money as well as products, there isn’t anything worth worrying about.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “That’s great. They’re working very hard as well. They are now one of our tentacles outside. Also, I think we should open up our shop in Sky Water City. What do you think?”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded, then she turned her head to Megan and said, “I think we should ask Megan about this matter. Megan hasn’t been talking much lately, that’s no good.”</p>

  <p>Megan stared, then she immediately replied, “No, no, I don’t know any of these matters. I cannot just speak irresponsibly. I dare not talk.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at her and faintly smiled, “It’s alright, so do you think we should open up a shop in Sky Water City?”</p>

  <p>Seeing that there was no way for Zhao Hai to let it go of the matter, Megan looked down and thought for a moment, then she said, “I think it should be okay. You’re now engaged to me, and Daddy likes you, moreover, I already talked about you to Grandpa. So I don’t think the Calci Family would be opposing you any longer. But if we want to gather intelligence, it isn’t good to rely on the Calci Family, so I think we should get a shop.”</p>

  <p>Laura and Zhao Hai nodded. Hearing Megan say that made them think that she has truly regarded herself as a member of the Buda Clan and not the princess of the Calci Family anymore. This was good for them.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Alright, then we’ll open a shop at Sky Water City. But I think this would have to wait until the next year. At that point, we’ll have to rely on Megan.”</p>

  <p>When she heard Zhao Hai, Megan shook her head, “That’s not good. Although I grew up in Sky Water City, I don’t really know much about the things happening there. If we open a shop, I wouldn’t be much of a help.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled, “Just give it a try. Among us, you are still the most familiar with Sky Water City. In the end, you’re still the princess of the Calci Family. There wouldn’t be anyone in the city that won’t dare give you face.”</p>

  <p>Megan looked at Zhao Hai and saw that he really wanted her to give it a try. She didn’t say anything more, just nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll try.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “It won’t be too soon anyway since we have a tight schedule. Tomorrow we still need to head towards Jade Water City, although we don’t have much to do there, we still need to see Trezebo.”</p>

  <p>Laura and the others nodded, then they went to rest. The Space was quite good right now, Zhao Hai didn’t need to worry so much.</p>

  <p>The next morning, after having breakfast with Randolph, Zhao Hai’s group left for the seas again. Zhao Hai released the Haven last night so now it was docked at Sky Water City waiting for Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>But Randolph and the others already knew that this ship was just an act that Zhao Hai did. Although they didn’t know how Zhao Hai travels around, they were sure that it definitely wasn’t by ship.</p>

  <p>After Zhao Hai and the others embarked, the ship quickly left the harbor. Zhao Hai didn’t immediately head to Jade Water City via the Space. If people knew that they arrived at Jade Water City just as they left the harbor of Sky Water City, they would be quite sure that Zhao Hai had a Spatial Ability, there was no other way of travelling this fast other than Spatial Teleportation.</p>

  <p>ZHao Hai and the others didn’t go to the Space and just stayed on the deck and smelled the scent of the sea. It was quite while since they got to sail so they just sat down and enjoyed the view.</p>

  <p>While sitting on the ship and watching the other boats coming and going, Zhao Hai sighed, “I really hadn’t thought about it while we were at sea back then, but now, I noticed that the continent is actually really cold.”</p>

  <p>Laura also sighed, “The continent is indeed very cold, it was good that Cai’er was present in Iron Mountain Fort. Otherwise, the place would be cold as well, unlike the likeable Iron Mountain Fort that it is now.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then turned to Megan, “Megan, do you like it here? You grew up here as a child. To be honest, I don’t like the cold here.”</p>

  <p>Megan smiles, “I actually got comfortable with Iron Mountain Fort, I prefer being there now. The comfort there is incomparable with Sky Water City, the winter in Sky Water City is too repugnant.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and then looked at the time, “We’ll wait for a while and then go to Jade Water City. When we reach there, we must finish our matters as soon as possible then go to Carson City. We have a little time to spare in order to prepare for the holiday.”</p>

  <p>Megan and the others smiled as well, then continued chatting on the ship. Two hours unknowingly passed by, when Zhao Hai’s ship left Sky Water City he immediately entered the Space. From there they went to Jade Water City,</p>

  <p>The place where they chose to appear was somewhere outside Jade Water City. When they arrived outside, they didn’t ride the Bull-pulled Carriage and instead rode horses to enter the city.</p>

  <p>They went to Mu’en’s shop first. The shop was very busy since God’s Grace Day was approaching. This was the best time to sell items on the continent and Mu’en’s shop capitalized on this. Although Haven products weren’t very popular in the Rosen Empire, it gradually became recognized by the people because of its quality.</p>

  <p>And since the people wanted to eat good food in God’s Grace Day, and since Haven products were inexpensive and good, it was very popular with those who didn’t have much money.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai saw that the shop was very busy, he couldn’t help but smile. Then he turned his head to Laura and said, “Looks like Mu’en works pretty well. When we sell expensive stuff later, the income surely wouldn’t be low.”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and said, “It wasn’t all because of Mu’en, the products from the Space are also very good. And adding on to the fact that Charlie favors you, people wouldn’t dare not give you face. All of these are the reasons why business is doing very well.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiles, “No matter what, if Mu’en wasn’t that skilled, the shop wouldn’t be able to reach this far. Let’s go talk a bit with Mu’en, then we’ll go to the City Lord’s Mansion and see Trezebo. After that, we’ll head to Carson City.”</p>

  <p>The group then went to the back courtyard. When Mu’ern’s family saw them, they immediately went and fetched Mu’en. At this point, except for some important figures, Mu’en wasn’t required to man the counters.”</p>

  <p>The group headed to the living room after Mu’en arrived. Zhao Hai looked at Mu’en and smiled, “Mu’en, you did really good, very good. Right, the recent batch of marine products, did they get taken care of?”</p>

  <p>Mu’en nodded and said, “They’re taken care of. I gave them personally to Trezebo, it has been recorded as well. I can show them to the Young Master.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I don’t need to see them, I’ll be handing the marine products business over to you. From time to time, show the accounts to Laura, I don’t like to look at those things.”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and turned to Mu’en, “God’s Grace Day is approaching, what are you planning to do? Is everything in your family ready?”</p>

  <p>Mu’en was stunned as he looked at Laura and Zhao Hai. He understood that if Laura asked about it, it certainly came from Zhao Hai.</p>
</body>
</html>