<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 866: Devil Legion’s Mount</h3>

  <p>After the Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King had left, Zhao Hai turned to Bingya and the others and said, “Everyone, I’ll be taking my rest as well. I hope you can fulfill the thing I’ve asked you.”</p>

  <p>Bingya and the others bowed and said, “Mister can rest assured, we won’t disappoint you.” Zhao Hai nodded before he turned around and entered the cabin.</p>

  <p>After seeing Zhao Hai leave, Bingya and the others also entered their cabins. Their rooms weren’t as good as Zhao Hai’s but it was still very nice.</p>

  <p>Bingya entered his room. However, he didn’t immediately close it. Instead, he invited Ryder and Yehta over for some talks.</p>

  <p>The Demons were very satisfied with their current state. The Royal Palace had been completed as their first building. At this time, Devil Legion soldiers were standing outside the castle. However, there were large quantities of Demons coming and looking at them.</p>

  <p>The Devil Legion soldiers still had their indifferent posture, however, the death qi that was emitting out from them had vanished. Although people could still feel it, they weren’t as scared as before. This made the Demons puzzled. The Devil Legion used to be the most powerful unit of the Demon Race, they were essentially symbols of invincibility. What happened? Had the Devil Legion been weakened? This confused a lot of Demons.</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King were also quite surprised after seeing these 100 thousand Devil Legion soldiers. They might look like ordinary Demons now, but the two of them understood that these Devil Legion soldiers had become more formidable than before.</p>

  <p>In the past, having the Devil Legion felt like holding a double-edged sword. Anyone who saw them would immediately know that they were dangerous.</p>

  <p>Now, although they weren’t as terrifying as before, the Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King knew that these Devil Legion soldiers were at their most fearsome state, they had become sheathed blades. Everyone knew that a concealed weapon was more dangerous than an unsheathed sword. Hidden dangers were more scary in the battlefield.</p>

  <p>At this moment, Zhao Hai entered the Space. After seeing Zhao Hai arrive, the Great Demon King and Demon Dragon King immediately went to meet him. After the three exchanged greetings, Zhao Hai looked at the Devil Legion soldiers and nodded, “Good, good. They look much better now. Right, it seems like it’s time to give them a mount.”</p>

  <p>The Devil Legion was still primarily an infantry unit. In the past, because of necessity, they were given mounts by Zhao Hai. However, those mounts weren’t a match for them. But this time was different. Now, Zhao Hai managed to deal with the Taurus Continent while the Space had been upgraded by a few levels. At the same time, God-ranked magic beasts were beginning to be produced. A lot of these magic beasts can be used as mounts. The ones Zhao Hai prepared for the Devil Legion was actually being bred in the hell background.</p>

  <p>Magic beasts that grew on other places might be strong, however, they were extremely wild and was hard to control. Giving such magic beasts to the Devil Legion would surely hinder their performance. Therefore, Zhao Hai specifically bred a lot of magic beasts in the hell background for the Devil Legion to use.</p>

  <p>These magic beasts lived inside the hell background while the Devil Legion trained there. The purpose of this wasn’t only to train the Devil Legion. It was also to train the magic beasts. Once Zhao Hai equipped the Devil Legion with those magic beasts, their overall might would become stronger.</p>

  <p>As for their wild nature, Zhao Hai wasn’t afraid at all. The magic beasts weren’t as intelligent as the Devil Legion. Zhao Hai can even order the magic beasts to kill themselves, much less having them be mounts for the Demons.</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King wasn’t aware of any of these. He looked at Zhao Hai blankly before he said, “Can Mister find a suitable magic beast for them?” Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “That’s not a problem.” Then he released 100 thousand magic beasts. These magic beasts were black and were in the shape of horses. These horses had horns on their heads, but they had no hair, instead, they had thick leather armors. Their four hooves were on fire, the same was true for their tails, the tails looked like flaming whips as the horses moved.</p>

  <p>These magic beasts were something that was produced by the Space, they’re called Nightmares. One shouldn’t underestimate them for being horses, they’re very ferocious beasts. Moreover, they eat meat and were essentially fire-type demons. With their God-rank strength, they were very frightening to behold.</p>

  <p>Nightmares were also present in the Demon Realm. However, they weren’t so strong, at most they would reach 9th rank. These Nightmares had hairs on their bodies and didn’t look like fire-element beasts. At most, they had red hair, red tails and red hooves. Nightmares like what Zhao Hai released were unseen before.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai turned his head towards the Devil Legion and said, “Take them, they’ll be your mounts.” The Devil Legion soldiers nodded before they went and took a Nightmare for themselves.</p>

  <p>However, matching weapons for the Devil Legion had yet to be found. At this time, they were currently equipped with full body armor, a spear, a sword, and some javelins.</p>

  <p>These things were still quite good for the Devil Legion, however, Zhao Hai wasn’t satisfied. It’s a pity that he can’t make other weapons right now, they would need to wait for an opportunity later on.</p>

  <p>After the Devil Legion took their Nightmares, Zhao Hai turned to the Great Demon King and said, “Your Majesty, you can arrange another batch of people to enter the Hell Space. As for the defenses in the spatial rift, let my undead take care of it. Have the rest of the Devil Legion take a rest inside the Space.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King nodded as he left to take care of it. Demon Dragon remained by Zhao Hai as he said, “Mister, did the matter with Bingya and the others go bad? Or should we just leave them alone.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and smiled, “Don’t worry much about it. Besides, we still have another battle to fight. In the past month, the underworld’s dark mist had already drifted towards the Aksu Empire. Moreover, in one month, the people from the Atlanta Plane will bring their magic armors to the Ark Continent. Hehe, I want to see their expressions once they see the state of the Ark Continent.”</p>

  <p>When he heard this, the Demon Dragon King couldn’t help but smile. The people from the Atlanta Plane wanted to attack the Ark Continent for resources and manpower. However, the Ark Continent has been completely turned to ruins. The various minerals of the continent had already been taken by Zhao Hai. Resources that remained were practically useless. At the same time, the population of the Ark Continent was gone. The people from the Atlanta Plane would surely lose greatly in this expedition.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai turned his head to Demon Dragon and said, “I don’t want to use the Devil Legion at the moment. Once we go to the immortal cultivation realm, that is where they will show their talent. My undead are simply more troublesome to upgrade. But first, we need to have the Devil Legion ascend to God-rank. This way, we would have some sort of foundation when we ascend.”</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King nodded, “Mister can rest assured, the Demons will not forget the humiliation brought to us by Lu Wei. Nor will we forget Mister’s great gift to us. I will also let Mister know that there are a lot of Demons who have your statue inside their homes.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t think something like this would happen. He looked puzzled at Demon Dragon as he asked, “When did this happen? Why haven’t I heard of this? Did you force them?”</p>

  <p>Demon Dragon smiled faintly and said, “We didn’t force them. They did it themselves to thank Mister. There’s no need for you to worry about it. And we also can’t force them to change their faith.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he said, “It’s good as long they aren’t forced. If they treat me as a god, then that’s fine. Let’s just have this matter develop on its own.”</p>

  <p>Faith Power would be useful for Zhao Hai, but he didn’t know how much nor was he able to feel it. Because of this, he wasn’t worried about it at this time. He didn’t have any intentions to force those who came to his Space. They were free to worship who they want.</p>

  <p>Demon Dragon looked at Zhao Hai, he couldn’t help but admire the young man. The Demons were aware of Faith Power, they were even planning to use it as a bargaining chip to allow them into the Space. However, they didn’t think that Zhao Hai wouldn’t open this topic. He just did what he said and invited all of them into the Space. He didn’t intervene with the Demons either. This made the Demon Dragon King admire him.</p>
</body>
</html>