<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 480: Rooting Out the Source of Trouble</h3>

  <p>Most importantly, they had noted how these 9th ranks treated Zhao Hai. One must know that 9th ranks belong to the top influences in the Continent. It was impossible for them to give someone a salute. Even if they gave respects, it would only be to another 9th rank. No matter what your status was, if you’re below their ranks they would never salute to you. This matter didn’t exempt even the Rosen Empire’s monarch.</p>

  <p>However these ten 9th ranks of the Buda Clan actually gave Zhao Hai a bow. It was completely different from how other 9th ranks treat their patron families.</p>

  <p>Randolph and the others weren’t the only ones who were startled by this scene, the other 9th rank experts stared as well. THey didn’t think that those 9th rank Beasts would act like this.</p>

  <p>It was universally known that 9th rank Magic Beasts have an edge over 9th rank Humans. At the same time, they were also more arrogant than the Humans, it was very hard for a Human to come into contact with them, therefore making it impossible for a family to have them as a foreign elder. But this impossible thing was actually achieved by Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>However, the 9th ranks weren’t given enough time to think about this as the Buda Clan’s 9th ranks met with Evil Sword’s group. The scene of 20 9th ranks fighting was then witnessed.</p>

  <p>Dark Demon looked at this development, he didn’t expect that people would interfere with his family’s matter. Moreover, they were 10 9th rank experts. This force was more formidable than the Calci Family.</p>

  <p>Megan and the others just stood with Zhao Hai and didn’t make a move. They knew that the other party wouldn’t be able to escape. With only 10 9th ranks, Zhao Hai already held the upper hand, not to mention the 30 others still inside the Space.</p>

  <p>Randolph blankly stared as Zhao Hai’s group chatted. Randolph’s heart was extremely terrified right now, he wasn’t terrified about the fact that Zhao Hai was strong, he was scared because of their earlier matter.</p>

  <p>Initially, he wanted to ask a 9th rank expert to deal with Zhao Hai. If this went forward, the Calci Family would surely suffer bad luck.</p>

  <p>The fight with the 9th ranks this time cannot be finished in a short time. Although the Buda Clan’s 9th ranks have the upper hand, it would be impossible for them to quickly deal with the 9th ranks of the Robert Family . The fight continued on.</p>

  <p>At this time, Dark Demon’s group also made their move. Initially, Evil Sword’s group was able to hold on. But with Dark Demon’s group coming in, they can already feel a sense of danger.</p>

  <p>While the fighting in the skies continued, the battle on the ground was coming to an end. At this time, Zhao Hai had all the undead surrounding Dark Mountain close in to prevent any stragglers from escaping.</p>

  <p>At this time Robert Patriarch and Terry’s face were as bitter as chinese goldthread. They have never thought that the situation would turn into this.[1]</p>

  <p>Terry looked at Zhao Hai with eyes that seem to be spouting fire. He felt that his whole life was left to ruin by Zhao Hai. Everything he had was snatched away from him. The only thing in his mind right now was to kill Zhao Hao.</p>

  <p>While thinking about this, Terry inserted his hand into his chest. In his chest, there was an ancient Magic Scroll. Ancient Scrolls were passed down from ancient times, but most of them weren’t of good quality. There were only a few of them who were very useful, some of them even contained formidable magic spells.</p>

  <p>The Magic Scroll that Terry has was special, as long as someone ripped it open, one can transfer to another person instantaneously within a radius of a hundred li(50km). This scroll was very rare, there were only a few of them present at this time.</p>

  <p>Terry knew that Zhao Hai’s whip wasn’t simple, it should be one of those Ancient Artifacts with special magical attributes. However, the whip was currently used as Zhao Hai’s belt. Zhao Hai was a Mage so he shouldn’t have the quick reflexes of a warrior. As long as the used the scroll and teleported to Zhao Hai’s side, he should be able to kill him in one blow.</p>

  <p>Terry wasn’t thinking of anything else other than killing Zhao Hai. Seeing that Zhao Hai was talking with Megan and wasn’t observing him at all, he immediately took the scroll out.</p>

  <p>It was not only Zhao Hai, there was nobody who was paying attention to Terry. All of them were attracted to the fighting in the skies. Among the Robert Family’s 9th ranks, three of them were already killed while seven were heavily injured. They wouldn’t be able to last long.</p>

  <p>Because their attention was focused on the sky, nobody looked at Terry since the battle on the ground was already finished. In their opinion, those on the ground were insignificant compared to those at the skies.</p>

  <p>At this moment, Terry’s eyes flashed a cold light as he quickly tore the Magic Scroll into shreds. A white light them shot up into the sky, making people shift their gazes.</p>

  <p>When the white light vanished, Terry disappeared from this present location and reappeared two meters right beside Zhao Hai. He immediately brandished his spear as he stabbed towards Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>The spear emitted a fiery radiance, indicating that Battle Qi was used to increase the effectivity of the strike. At this time, Randolph and the others pales, Megan and the others gasped.</p>

  <p>When everyone thought that Zhao Hai would die, Zhao Hai immediately waved his Magic Staff towards Terry’s spear, *Ting* Then the strike was averted.</p>

  <p>Terry looked at Zhao Hai with a surprised expression. Zhao Hai looked at Terry and said, “What? You think this can kill me? Are you this naive? I forgot to tell you, I actually cultivate both Magic and Battle Qi.” Then he waved his hand as his Magic Staff turned into a sword. Then he slashed towards the leg of Terry’s horse.</p>

  <p>Terry immediately responded and pulled the reins. The Demon Horse not only evaded Zhao Hai’s strike by raising its legs, it also directed a kick towards Zhao Hai’s head.</p>

  <p>Compared to Zhao Hai’s head, the horse’s hoof was much bigger. If this hoof gets in contact with Zhao Hai, his head would certainly turn into something like a smashed watermelon.</p>

  <p>But Zhao Ha’s response was very quick. His body immediately moved and moved towards the belly of the horse. His staff lengthened and stabbed towards the belly of the beast, and also penetrating Terry’s body.</p>

  <p>The staff immediately shortened as Zhao Hai moved away from Terry. Terry continued to sit on his horse as he stared at Zhao Hai with an unbelieving expression. Then his body shook before he fell down with a thud, followed along by his horse.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s fight made the crowd turn their attention towards them. Randolph and the others stared blankly at Zhao Hai. They didn’t think that Zhao Hai was a Magic and Battle Qi dual cultivator, moreover, he also had formidable Battle Qi.</p>

  <p>Robert Patriarch looked at Terry with a grim face. Terry was the grandson that he valued the most. Now that he died in front of him, Robert Patriarch suddenly felt that he did something wrong.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Robert Patriarch and coldly snorted, “Robert Family’s Patriarch, I said that the worst thing that your family did was making me your enemy. Now, tell me, did I speak wrong?”</p>

  <p>Robert Patriarch looked at Zhao Hai and then burst into laughter, he loudly said, “Good, Zhao Hai, Good, Buda Clan. Starting today, the Robert Family is now erased from the Continent, the Robert Family has lost. Zhao Hai, I only ask one thing, spare the roots of my Robert Family. Can you promise me this?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Robert Patriarch and then shook his head, “No, if I don’t cut out the roots, it will sprout come spring. If our enemies completely eliminated the Buda Clan, there would be no Zhao Hai right now. If your family had any newborn children, since they don’t have any understanding, I will spare them. However, I will never let them inherit the Robert Family. I will let them keep their surname, but I will tell them that they have no relationship to you.”</p>

  <p>Robert Patriarch looked at Zhao Hai and couldn’t help but show despair. At the same time he laughed again, “Good Zhao Hai, good. It’s a pity that we don’t have a child like that in our family, an innocent child. Hahaha. I’ve shamed the ancestors, I’ve shamed the ancestors!” He said as he drew his sword and killed himself.</p>

  <p>At this time, the forces of the Robert Family had all been exterminated, the battle on the sky was finished as well. All of the 9th rank experts of the Robert Family were killed.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was not polite, beside the Robert Patriarch and Terry, he turned all of the Robert Family’s forces into undead. Then he scanned the area using the monitor to see if they were still some survivors. Only when seeing that there were no enemies did he stop.</p>

  <p>At this time, the 9th ranks of the Buda Clan gave Zhao Hai a bow before their bodies flashed and vanished. At this moment, a batch of 9th ranks appeared in the sky. The 9th ranks in this group were numerous, approximately 40 people. But if one would look carefully, one could see that these 9th ranks didn’t belong to a single clan, but different families instead. They came to see what was going on.</p>

  <p>Dark Demon met with them and told the 9th ranks what was happening before all of them left. They didn’t care about this matter anymore, in their mind, this has nothing to do with their families. Other than the life and death of their clans, these 9th ranks wouldn’t bat an eyelid at anything else. Worldly matters were always handed over to their juniors.</p>

  <p>After the 9th ranks left, Dark Demon turned his head towards Zhao Hai and nodded. Zhao Hai nodded back before his body as he returned to Dark Soldier Fort. The family’s other 9th ranks followed him as well.</p>

  <p>Although Dark Demon nodding towards Zhao Hai looked like simple matter, it was a surprising event. Even if these 9th ranks see Randolph, they wouldn’t go out of their way to greet him. Seeing them take the initiative in greeting Zhao Hai showed how they see him in their hearts.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t think about this right now. He waved his hand as a Blood Hawk appeared. The Blood Hawk then carried the Magic Staff towards the Robert Family’s fort. He must root out the source of the problem. Thus, he sent the Blood Hawk over.[2]</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">* * *</p>

  <p>Coptis, bitter tonic used to treat malaria</p>

  <p>Maybe he can teleport anywhere but can’t send undead outside a certain range of the Magic Staff?</p>
</body>
</html>