<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 498: Wedding</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I want some child slaves, go help me find some. The price is open for discussion.”</p>

  <p>Ren nodded, “No matter how many slaves Sir Marquis wants, we can certainly provide.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he thought for a &#160;moment before saying, “Golden Island needs a lot of slaves right now. Those 400 slaves are only for my fort in Carson City. I still haven’t bought any for Golden Island. You go see whether you can provide me some young slaves. I also need some old and experienced ones, I have some facilities that needed managing.”</p>

  <p>Ren couldn’t help but hold Zhao Hai in high esteem. General clients would only buy some young and strong slaves. Those who would buy old ones were very rare. This was because those slaves have been so overworked that their bodies aren’t very good anymore. Such slaves would only survive for only two years before dying. Because of that, nobody wanted to buy them.</p>

  <p>From all of his years of selling slaves, Ren had come to know that these old slaves have its own uses. Although these old slaves cannot read, they had a lifetime of experience behind them. They understood situations that only an experienced person knows, like what disease a certain plant was suffering, the best time to plant, and there are even old slaves that can predict the weather. Those abilities are absolutely priceless.</p>

  <p>But a lot of Nobles didn’t know about this. It was even possible for those Nobles to have never been on their territory in their entire life, they simply cannot understand farming. There was a substantial difference in income between Nobles who have old slaves compared to those without.</p>

  <p>It was unfortunate that this difference wasn’t something that Nobles took note of. What they cared about was the strength of their slaves. It was because of this that they overexhaust their slaves and have them die an early death.</p>

  <p>These old slaves were actually treasures. In Ren’s eyes, these slaves should be more expensive than the younger ones. But it was a pity that nobles do not share his views. What they always see was a slave that wouldn’t be able to live long. A lot of these old slaves just die miserable deaths.</p>

  <p>Ren also understood why Zhao Hai wanted to buy some child slaves. These child slaves are very malleable. If they were allowed to learn some crafting skills, then their price value would increase by dozens of times. A lot of slave merchants do this method now. They would buy some child slaves and then find some artisan slaves to train them. When those child slaves grow , they would have learned a lot and would be sold at the price of artisan slaves. This would bring them a huge profit.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai buying slaves along with their families are also good as well. Ren had seen a lot of slaves who went crazy because they became separated from their families, so their handlers had no choice but to kill them. Slaves are people as well, Ren knew this, so he saw Zhao Hai’s approach to be very agreeable.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Ren and then asked, “Ren? What’s wrong?”</p>

  <p>Ren recovered, then he shook his head hastily and said, “There’s no problem. How many slaves does Sir Marquis want?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai thought for a moment before saying, “A hundred thousand, having more isn’t a problem, but make sure that there aren’t less.”</p>

  <p>Ren became ecstatic, he immediately said, “Sir Marquis can be rest assured, as long as you give me a month to prepare, those hundred thousand slaves wouldn’t be a problem. Do you want us to deliver those slaves to Golden Island for you?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “When they are prepared, you send me a message at my fort. Then wait for my instruction before sending them there. Right, how much money do I need to give you?”</p>

  <p>Ren nodded, then he went to the side and did some calculations before saying, “Sir Marquis, everything is 213 thousand gold coins. It would be fine if Sir Marquis paid 210 thousand gold coins, we can waive the three thousand.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then waved his hand as two crystal cards appeared. There were some markings on the cards, one showed 200 thousand while the other has 10 thousand. These cards were issued by banks and were commonly used by nobles.</p>

  <p>These banks made this crystal cards with different denominations. All of them had special markings made by their banks and can be revealed as long as energy was provided. By doing this, one could see the authenticity of these cards.</p>

  <p>Ren had been dealing with these cards all year round, he can distinguish between fake and real in one look. But authentication wasn’t needed, Zhao Hai was famous, it would be impossible for him to use a fake crystal card.</p>

  <p>Ren accepted the cards and said, “Marquis can be rest assured, we shall certainly provide good slaves. Do you want to see the artisan slaves?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “No need, I believe that you won’t deceive me. There aren’t a lot of people in the continent that would dare to do so.”</p>

  <p>Ren felt his heart stop, he was sure that Zhao Hai wasn’t joking. What he said was true, there won’t be many people in this world who would dare deceive him. Those who dared to deceive him would have to face death. Even his backers wouldn’t dare to offend Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Ren immediately said, “Sir Marquis is cracking a joke. Our little store wouldn’t be able to withstand your fury. Mister can be rest assured, I can assure you that our shop would certainly ensure the safety and security of your goods.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “That’s good. I’ll go back first, I’ll go look at your battle slaves in another time.” Then he stood up and headed out.</p>

  <p>They boarded their carriage outside and then headed out of the slave market. Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, we bought a lot of slaves this time. I think we should inform Grandpa Green about it ”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Rest assured, not only this matter, I will also talk to him about another important thing.”</p>

  <p>Laura looked at Zhao Hai, she was puzzled as she said, “What’s that? Is there anything important matter left? We already bought the castle. As long as the renovations are finished, we can immediately move in. When that time comes, we can then hold a banquet. I think there’s no other matter left.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “This matter must be taken care of, otherwise Grandpa Green would throw me into a pit of fire.” Laura still didn’t understand what Zhao Hai meant. But seeing that Zhao Hai didn’t want to say it, she didn’t ask anymore.</p>

  <p>Soon, they arrived at the fort. Zhao Hai already had the name Wild Dragon Castle prepared for the place. The flag that was raised also had the Buda Clan’s Wild Dragon Insignia. This along with the name of the fort, people would certainly know that this place belonged to the Buda Clan.</p>

  <p>At this time , there were a lot of undead in the castle being busy. They were carrying the final renovations of the castle. This was Carson City, the capital of Rosen Empire, the place with the largest distribution center in the continent. Because of this, it was very convenient to buy anything, so Zhao Hai was able to confidently do renovations on the fort. He was also preparing to have Cai’er place one of her branches on Wild Dragon Castle.</p>

  <p>When noon came, Ren sent people to deliver more than 600 slaves to Wild Dragon Castle. Zhao Hai had some of these slaves go to Iron Mountain Fort under the leadership of Rockhead and Blockhead. He had the two of them handle the newcomers to do specific jobs at Wild Dragon Castle.</p>

  <p>When it came to managing slaves, Blockhead and Rockhead already had a few tricks. They had already been assigned by Zhao Hai to do some management tasks before. And after having them study at the school, the two should be able to handle the slaves without a problem.</p>

  <p>Most importantly, both of them spent a long time with Zhao Hai. They understood his habits as well as what he liked. The 400 slaves that were left in the castle needed to be managed well, otherwise Zhao Hai wouldn’t feel comfortable in living there.</p>

  <p>The artisan slaves were easier to manage. Zhao Hai directly transferred them to Iron Mountain Fort since the fort badly needed people like them right now. However, the Potion Master was referred by Zhao Hai to Shun’s mother. Shun’s mother studies potion and that potion master just happens to be an expert in it. Zhao Hai wanted to the slave to teach Shun’s Mother.</p>

  <p>After having arranged these people, Zhao Hai went to the Space where Green and the others were waiting for him. Green and the others knew that Zhao Hai was busy with the slaves, therefore they didn’t go and disturb him. After all, they fully supported Zhao Hai’s methods.</p>

  <p>After the group arrived at the villa’s living room, Zhao Hai turned to Green and said, “Grandpa Green, I went to see you today for two matters. The first one was to tell you that I had bought 100 thousand Human slaves. They aren’t artisan slaves, just regular ones. After they arrive, I want to have them farm on the Black Wasteland. I have a lot to do in the future, so I won’t have enough time to do farming. We should make a village for them outside the fort.”</p>

  <p>Green nodded and said, “Alright, that’s good. But although we already have 200 thousand people coming, I still think that they aren’t enough to farm the Black Wasteland. I suggest the young master to have them forage on the land as well as raise some livestock. With this, we may have more income from having a ranch. If we don’t do this, the big area of the Black Wasteland would be wasted.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “That’s a good idea. Before utilizing the whole area for farming, we might as well use the unused parts for rearing animals.”</p>

  <p>Green nodded as well then said, “The second matter?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai took a deep breath, then he looked deeply at Laura and the others who were listening at the side before turning his head to Green and said, “Now that our Buda Clan’s reputation has been established, as well as having our own castle and fief, I want to officially marry Laura and the others. Having them be my fiancees for too long will make people gossip.”</p>

  <p>Green stared, and also Kun as well as Laura and the others. They hadn’t thought of this, the matters that they had been handling were too big recently, they have absolutely forgotten the marriage. Now that Zhao Hai opened the topic, they were suddenly left staring blankly.</p>

  <p>After some time, Green recovered as he laughed and said, “Right, right, I also think it’s time for young master’s wedding to be pushed through. We have been very busy these days that I’ve completely forgotten about it. Good, good, I’ll immediately go arrange it.”</p>

  <p>Kun was happy as well, Laura being somewhat of Zhao Hai’s follower has hurt her reputation. However, Zhao Hai insisted that they should wait until the Buda Clan establishes themselves before carrying on to their marriage. Finally, the opportunity to do so has arrived.</p>

  <p>Laura and the others were also happy , when Zhao Hai goes out, he can only introduce them as his fiancees, this made them feel a little bit uncomfortable. Now, it’s time for them to be married.</p>

  <p>Merine was also in the living room, she was naturally the happiest one in the room, she smiled and said, “Young Master, fantastic! We’ll go and give respects to the ancestors and tell them the good news.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Alright, then it’s all settled. Grandpa Green, Grandpa Kun, I need to ask you to help me prepare the invitations. I’ll go to Grandpa Randolph tomorrow and ask him for help as well.”</p>

  <p>Green replied with a smile, “Alright. But Young Master, how long are you planning to prepare for this wedding?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai understood what Green was saying, the latter wanted the date to be farther off. With this, they would be able to prepare the invitations properly as well as having the event more grand. However, Zhao Hai doesn’t have much time right now, he turned to Green and said, “Grandpa Green, I want the ceremony to happen as soon as possible because I need to go the the Prairie. I also need to take care of the business with the merfolk.”</p>

  <p>Green thought for a moment and nodded, “Alright, spring is coming to the Prairie, it wouldn’t be good if you head there late. Very well, we’ll see to it that it happens as soon as possible. I think we should also discuss this matter with Randolph, in any case, we need to respect his opinion on this matter. Old Kun, what do you think?”</p>

  <p>Kun nodded and smiled, “That’s fine. I’ll go tell Karen about this matter. Right, there should also be an invitation for the Markey Family. I’d like to see their reaction, if they dare act up, then they can’t blame us for being impolite.”</p>

  <p>Green snorted and said, “If they dare, do they really think that the Buda Clan is the same as before? Let’s see if they act unreasonably this time, hmph. We must make this wedding ceremony as grand as possible, let’s make sure that all of the people in the continent gets to hear it.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I’d like that, I can’t let my fiancees feel wronged. If not because of this fear, the wedding might have been already done. This time, we must make it grand. I think we should do it in Wild Dragon Castle, what does Grandpa Green think?”</p>

  <p>Green thought and then shook his head, “Young Master, I think it would be better if we do it at Golden Island. That’s our domain, if people would want to act impolitely, then we can deal with them immediately!”</p>
</body>
</html>