<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 825: Discussing A Cooperation</h3>

  <p>Fei’er’s voice turned cold as he said, “Correct. My Thunder Clan and your Divine Race has a very deep enmity, so how can we just become loyal to you? This time, I also rallied the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus to move together with my Thunder Clan to rebel against the Divine Race!”</p>

  <p>Thunder Yun, with blood red eyes, berated, “What gall! Aren’t you afraid of the Divine Race completely eradicating you race?”</p>

  <p>Fei’er smiled faintly and then pointed at the enlarged version of Zhao Hai and said, “Zhao Hai gave us courage. Although he isn’t that strong, but with our three races, we should be able to deal with you Divines.”</p>

  <p>Thunder Yun gawked, then he turned his head to the rampaging Zhao Hai. For a while Thunder Yun didn’t know how to retort. Zhao Hai’s attacks were very damaging to the Divine Race.</p>

  <p>However, it didn’t take a long time before Thunder Yun looked at Fei’er and said, “Why would the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus ally themselves with Zhao Hai? Zhao Hai has killed no small amount of their people.”</p>

  <p>Fei’er sneered, “The Divine Race killed more of their people compared to Zhao Hai. Moreover, since Zhao Hai killed their members, that also demonstrated his strength. And did you forget? To the Barbarians and Winged Pegasus Clans, becoming undead isn’t a bad thing. For them, it’s just another form of being alive. Although they will not volunteer to become undead, they would still regard undead as another alive person.” Thunder Yun stared, then his expression became ugly to behold. The belief of the Barbarians and Winged Pegasus Races was very strange. Just like Fei’er said, becoming undead wasn’t a disgraceful thing to them, it was just another form of a person. Because of this, Zhao Hai turning their clan members into undead didn’t offend the two races.</p>

  <p>Fei’er knew this point, therefore he invited the Barbarians and Winged Pegasus people into an alliance. In the past, Zhao Hai thought that using the undead Barbarians and Winged Pegasus would cause the two races to hate him. But in the end, the Barbarians and Winged Pegasus people hated the Divine Race more than him. Additionally, Zhao Hai didn’t heavily attack the two armies during the war. One could say that the hatred those two held for Zhao Hai was very small.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t know that the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus had such traditions. Because of this, he didn’t use the undead he gained from eradicating the two armies from before. This caused him to lack manpower.</p>

  <p>Thunder Yun looked at Fei’er. At this time, Fei’er didn’t have his docile appearance. The current Fei’er was now fully expressing his hatred towards the Divine Race. This wasn’t something that Thunder Yun had seen before.</p>

  <p>There’s no need for Fei’er to say anything else, however, he couldn’t help but look at Thunder Yun and said, “You Divines had always killed your way into every place you came into. But who would’ve thought that you would stumble in the Ark Continent? Hahaha. I didn’t expect this opportunity to come this soon. I have to be impolite, my master. Everyone! Kill!”</p>

  <p>The Thunder Clan people immediately launched an all out attack against the Divine Race. They controlled their net of lightning to sweep the surrounding Divine Race soldiers. The situation on the battlefield turned into the Divine Race versus the Barbarians, Winged Pegasus, Thunder Clan, Undead, and Demons. At this point, the Divine Race was left with nothing to do but resist.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai saw this and removed his Domain. Then he regained the Sword Carriage form as he sat inside to look at the battlefield.</p>

  <p>The Divine Race soldiers already knew that they had no hope of winning today. However, the Divine Race still pushed on, nobody surrendered. They were going all out in resisting the attackers. There were some people who stayed and fought and there were also people intending to break through the encirclement and head towards the Radiant Empire.</p>

  <p>From the very beginning, the battle had always leaned on one side. With the pressures that was brought by battling against the Accra Mountains, the soldiers were still exhausted despite their method of taking rests. At this time, their fighting strength was completely far from their original. With them being assaulted by these many groups, how could it be possible for them to block?</p>

  <p>The fight started from the day and went on to the night. When it was finished, all of the Divine Race soldiers were eliminated. The total number of undead that Zhao Hai gained reached about 30 million. However, there were still people who managed to run away. After all, the groups didn’t discuss their plan to kill the Divine Race. This left them with problems when it came to the encirclement.</p>

  <p>The fight had ended, but the current situation was now strange. The Barbarians, Winged Pegasus, and Thunder Clan people were grouped up as they stared at the undead army and the Demons. In the fight, the Barbarians and the others had discovered how strong the Demons and the Undead were. And after seeing Zhao Hai wield the Domain Weapon, they couldn’t help but have their guard against him.</p>

  <p>At this time, Zhao Hai had the sword chariot go in between the two groups before receiving it to the Space. Then Zhao Hai flew to the three allied races. At the same time, Fei’er, along with two representatives from the other two races, also flew forward. When the two parties were fifty meters apart, they stopped and stood in place.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the three people opposite him and then smiled, “Thunder Clan, Barbarians, and Winged Pegasus friends. Let this Zhao Hai thank you for the help.”</p>

  <p>Fei’er inspected Zhao Hai. This was the first time that he had seen this person. During the time when he accompanied Thunder Yun, Zhao Hai didn’t appear. Fei’er was only able to recognize Zhao Hai by the portrait that was circulated among the army.</p>

  <p>Fei’er gave a salute to Zhao Hai and said, “I have seen mister Zhao Hai. We should be the ones to thank Mister for the help. If Mister wasn’t here, then it would be impossible for us to deal with the Divine Race.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai inspected Fei’er as well. He knew who Fei’er was. He saw him everytime Thunder Yun was seen on the Space’s monitor. Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Mine and your situation are the same. Nobody owes anyone anything.”</p>

  <p>At this time, the Barbarian representative opened his mouth, “Mister, we’ve heard from the Divine Race that you have turned our clansmen into undead. Is that true?” Zhao Hai looked at the Barbarian, he couldn’t deny it so he just nodded and said, “Yes. At that time we were enemies. So I treated them as such, there no need for me to hold back.” The Barbarian looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, can you take our clansmen out? We want to see them.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked strangely at the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus. These two had their people turned into undead, but why were their expressions too calm?</p>

  <p>However, he knew that it was useless to think of it at this time. He didn’t stall for a moment before he nodded and waved his hand. Before long, the undead Barbarians and Winged Pegasus appeared behind Zhao Hai. These people weren’t in their skeleton form, instead, they were in the zombie appearance. In any case, the Space’s zombies looked more pleasing to the eyes.</p>

  <p>The Barbarians and Winged Pegasus looked at their undead brethren and nodded. They didn’t say anything more.</p>

  <p>When Fei’er saw Zhao Hai’s confused expression, he explained, “Mister, please don’t be confused. The Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus believe that being turned into undead is another form of survival. Because of this, they don’t hate Mister for turning their people into undead.” Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t think the two races would have this idea, it truly expanded Zhao Hai’s perspective. Zhao Hai gave a small bow to the two races and said, “At that time, this Zhao Hai didn’t know your plan so I regarded them as my enemies. Let me offer my apologies.” Fei’er waved his hand and then asked, “Mister, do you have any plans? Are you going to defend the Ark Continent and drive the Divine Race away?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er and said, “The Ark Continent is already hopeless. The Underworld creatures had already appeared. Defending the Ark Continent would be useless. Moreover, the Ark Continent has an unresolvable hatred with the Divine Race. Naturally, we won’t let that hatred go. I plan to attack the Divine Realm.”</p>

  <p>Fei’er gawked, he didn’t think that Zhao Hai would actually attack the Divine Realm. He actually planned to convince Zhao Hai to do so, but it seems like that plan was already useless. Fei’er then replied, “That’s great. How about we discuss about cooperation?” Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er before he nodded and waved his hand, making the sword carriage reappear. Then he said, “I’ll have to invite you inside to discuss. Demon Dragon King, you come in as well.” The Demon Dragon King standing behind Zhao Hai nodded and followed Zhao Hai to enter the sword carriage door.</p>

  <p>Fei’er and the two others didn’t hesitate and followed as well. The Barbarian and Winged Pegasus representatives jumped down from their mount before entering the carriage.</p>

  <p>Although the sword carriage had gone through war, it wasn’t actually damaged. As the group entered the carriage, they discovered several women cleaning inside.</p>

  <p>These women were no other than Laura and the others. Since Zhao Hai had taken the maids and the Third Prince away, there was now nobody who can maintain the place.</p>

  <p>After the group entered the carriage, Zhao Hai immediately introduced Fei’er and the others to his wives. As a greeting, Laura and the others offered the visitors some drinks.</p>

  <p>When the group settled down, Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er and said, “I am Zhao Hai. And I think you already knew him, but he is the Demon Dragon King, the representative of the Great Demon King.” Then Demon Dragon introduced himself.</p>

  <p>Fei’er nodded and said, “I am Thunder Clan’s Fei’er, Thunder Clan’s representative.”</p>

  <p>The Barbarian then said with his deep voice, “Barbarian Shan.” Then the Winged Pegasus said, “Winged Pegasus Yue.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Since we already have made our introductions, can you tell me why you suddenly started to fight the Divine Race?”</p>
</body>
</html>