<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 964: Atlanta Plane</h3>

  <p>After Laura finished cultivating the Myriad Stellar Transformations art, she proceeded to hand the method over to Karen. However, Karen didn’t like studying the method, he said that it’s very annoying.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t force Karen to study. To be honest, Zhao Hai discovered that the Stellar Art was suited for attacks. Karen didn’t like fighting and just liked to do research.</p>

  <p>After that, Laura just handed the method over to Green. She didn’t give Grandpa Green any pointers, he could understand it on his own.</p>

  <p>Upon seeing that Laura and the others were done practicing, Zhao Hai immediately called them over to the living room. After asking them about their experiences, Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, it’s great that you’re done practicing. In the past few days, I’ve been busy observing the various groups inside the Space. Now that the time is right, we should prepare our next plan.”</p>

  <p>Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, are you preparing to deal with the Winged Pegasus Clan? I think we should start to make a move, if we don’t teach those guys a lesson, then they will continue to be a pain in the head.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I’m also losing my patience towards the Winged Pegasus. However, I made a promise to Shan. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have let them go free all this time. Let’s just start sending undead to the O’Neal family’s scouts and slowly lead them towards the Winged Pegasus Plane.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy looked at the screen and said, “Brother Hai, did you make a move? How did the O’neal family react?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai slightly frowned, “If I could describe their reaction, then i can only say that it’s strange. They seem to be very sensitive. As long as they see an undead, they will immediately pursue them.”</p>

  <p>When Lizzy heard this, she frowned and said, “It’s not the style of the O’Neal family to throw caution out the window. What happened?” Zhao Hai also frowned, “Right, the O’neal family isn’t acting normal. However, this doesn’t have anything to do with us at this time. Let’s just lead them to the Winged Pegasus, let’s see what they do then.”</p>

  <p>The group nodded, then ZhaoHai turned his head to look at everyone and said, “I want to take a look at the Atlanta Plane, what do you think?”</p>

  <p>When Lizzy and the others heard this, their expression couldn’t help but change. Then Lizzy asked, “Brother Hai, do you really want to go to the Atlanta Plane? When do we leave?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “We’ll go now. Don’t forget, I gave Axe a token. We now have mapped a portion of the Atlanta Plane. We can go there directly and learn about their situation.”</p>

  <p>Laura looked at Zhao Hai, her expression looked quite strange as she asked, “Brother Hai, you’re not planning on ascending in the Atlanta Plane, are you?”</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai heard Laura, he couldn’t help but stare for a moment before he shook his head and said, “Impossible, the situation between the Atlanta Plane and the Ark Continent is different. I just want to head there to find clues about the Ascension Magic Armor. I also want to confirm if the plane is under Lu Wei’s control or not, and if not, then I want to find out who the Plane Manager is. I also want to see their relationship with their lower planes.”</p>

  <p>When Laura and the others heard Zhao Hai, they couldn’t help but nod. To be honest, they also wanted to find out, after all this matter involved the state of their future.</p>

  <p>After seeing that the others didn’t speak, Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Actually, we can also play around in the Atlanta Plane. The plane has a lot of people in it. As long as we forged some IDs we can explore wherever we want.”</p>

  <p>The eyes of Laura and the others lit up when they heard this. Although the Space’s environment was good, they still couldn’t help but feel bored inside. Moreover, there was nothing special inside the place where the Divines were transferred into. Going to a new place right now would be great.</p>

  <p>After seeing their reactions, Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “If you agree, then let’s go and take a look. What do you think?”</p>

  <p>Laura and the others nodded. When he saw their nod, Zhao Hai smiled and then changed the monitor’s image into the Atlanta Plane.</p>

  <p>Different from the Ark Continent or the Divine Realm where there were no magic armors, the Atlanta Plane was teeming with all kinds of mechanized suits. The uses of magic armors were numerous. These magic armors weren’t only used for battles or construction, they were also used to things like farm work, the usability of magic armors was immense.</p>

  <p>To be honest, when he saw the Atlanta Plane, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but think about Earth. In Atlanta Plane’s Magic Armor Continent, there were things running on the ground like cars. Naturally, these cars used the same energy converters as the magic armors.</p>

  <p>However, the energy inside energy converters weren’t from magic beasts. Instead, the energy used by the cars was stored up electric power.</p>

  <p>Right, it was electricity. After paying attention to the Atlanta Plane’s situation, Zhao Hai discovered that people were utilizing the power of electricity. Moreover, it seems like they had been using it for a long time.</p>

  <p>The structure of their power grid was the same as the one back on Earth. However, the power generated by their power plants weren’t obtained from burning things like charcoal. Instead, their power was gained through hydroelectric plants and wind farms. With the addition of magic formations, their power was like the one used in the Space. But their power was more advanced than the one that Karen set up.</p>

  <p>After seeing this, Zhao Hai was very shocked. It was at this point that he can finally confirm his suspicion, the Atlanta Plane wasn’t under Lu Wei’s rule.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai noticed that although planes like the Ark Continent, Demon Realm, and the Divine Realm use magic formations, the level of their formations was very low. With these formations, it would be impossible to develop a decent system, or even a technomagic society.</p>

  <p>Moreover, Lu Wei was preventing people on these planes from researching magic formations. Didn’t he order the destruction of the Goblin Race?</p>

  <p>What surprised Zhao Hai the most was his result after carefully comparing the magic formations with magic array inside the Seven Star Heaven Lock. Although it can be said that the array inside the Seven Star Heaven Lock was more complex compared to magic formations, Zhao Hai discovered that they were two fundamentally different systems. Even if the magic formations becomes more complex, it was still different compared to the one inside the Seven Star Heaven Lock.</p>

  <p>In the beginning, Zhao Hai thought that magic formations and the Seven Star Heaven Lock was just separated by profundity. With enough research, Zhao Hai’s magic formations would reach the Seven Star Heaven Lock’s level.</p>

  <p>However, it seems like Zhao Hai was thinking wrongly. Magic formations and the Seven Star Heaven Lock were different. They were like two parallel lines, bound to never intersect.</p>

  <p>Upon careful research, Zhao Hai saw that the two systems were a product of two different evolutions. This greatly surprised Zhao Hai, and this also confirms his thought that the Atlanta Plane wasn’t managed by Lu Wei.</p>

  <p>Laura and the others gawked at the scene in the monitor. They didn’t think that the Atlanta Plane would have this appearance.</p>

  <p>After some time, Zhao Hai turned to the others and said, “It seems like the Atlanta Plane isn’t going to be simple. Laura, pay attention to the clothes that they wear. We’ll need to make clothes that are appropriate before we take a stroll.”</p>

  <p>Laura and the others nodded before they carefully stared at the monitor. In the meantime, Zhao Hai looked into his warehouse to see if there was anything he needed.</p>

  <p>Besides a set of tattered clothing, Zhao Hai managed to see something useful. There was an ID card that the O’neal family’s pilot owned.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked into the ID Card. The contents of the ID card were the same as the ones back on Earth. It was quite detailed, there was the picture of the owner, his height, weight, age, place of birth. There was even a magicrystal function on the top part of the card.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai called the undead O’Neal family pilot who owned this card. Every ID card in the Atlanta Plane seem to have magicrystal implants. They had the same function as a bank card, it records how much money you have.</p>

  <p>In the Magic Armor Continent, despite having plenty of Clans, there was only one bank. This bank was jointly controlled by several Great Families. Its purpose was to facilitate the trading and livelihood of the people in the Continent.</p>

  <p>Upon hearing the function of the ID card, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but nod. This ID Card did indeed make life more convenient in the Atlanta Plane.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the magic armor pilot and said, “As long as a person from the Atlanta Plane has these ID Cards, then they would be fine? Do you have any other currency?”</p>

  <p>The magic armor pilot nodded and said, “We do, there are three kinds, gold coins, silver coins and copper coins. Gold coins are equal to ten silver coins and also 100 copper coins. Ordinary people use these to make purchases. The money on the ID Cards are used by those industries right under the banks. Usually, people would take their money out of the bank first before spending it.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he waved his hand, returning the magic armor pilot to the Hell Space. After that, he took the ID Card and placed it in the scanner.</p>

  <p>After the entire procedure finished, a prompt came in from the scanner, “Unique ID Card from a Technomagic Civilization detected. The card has special methods inside, asking Host for permission to copy. If host wants to copy the ID Card, then Host can head to the Universal Processing Machine. Copied Cards would have a certain amount of money saved inside. The Host can deposit money in these cards using gold coins from the Space.”</p>
</body>
</html>