<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 725: God-rank Army</h3>

  <p>Standing calmly in front of the Processing Machine was Zhao Hai. He looked at the machine as it swallowed up the materials on the ground, the gold coins on his inventory a million coins less. Then the machine started its timer.</p>

  <p>This was the second time that he was making a God-rank potion. Because of this, he was now quite familiar with the process. The only thing he needed to do was wait, when the time comes, Shue’s clones would also become 9th ranks.</p>

  <p>One must say that Zhao Hai was very lucky in having Shue as his subordinate. Shue’s cloning ability was just too formidable, it was basically a one-man army. Now that he can drink another God-rank potion, his clones would now become 9th rank as well. This thought was just too scary.</p>

  <p>At this moment, Zhao Hai was worried whether Shue’s God-rank clones would also be able to establish a Domain. If they did, then it would be very good for Zhao Hai’s side.</p>

  <p>The timer beeped down unceasingly. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but let out a long sigh as he said, “I hope our time is enough.”</p>

  <p>The one who heard him was the nearby Berry, she looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Feel relieved, Brother Hai, we certainly have enough time.”</p>

  <p>Shue looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, rest assured, this Shue will definitely be of use, definitely.” Zhao Hai smiled faintly and patted Shue on the shoulder as he said, “Everything will be alright, there’s no need to worry about it too much. You will certainly be a huge help. In the future, you and your clones would be part of the main army. A man that can turn into a thousand would be terrifying in the battlefield. Hahaha. The Divine Race wouldn’t come soon, but even if they do, we still don’t need to be afraid of them. To be honest, I want the Divine Race to come sooner, I really wanted to see how strong they are.” Shue nodded, but his eyes were still firm. Then Shue looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, can I ask you for one thing?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, then he smiled and said, “Say it, there’s no need to be too polite to me.” Shue nodded and then said, “Young Master, can you promote Shun next time? Out of all the people on our side, Shun is the most compatible to be my partner in the battlefield. But if the Young Master has any plans, then you don’t have to consider my request.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai laughed, and then he patted Shue on the shoulder and said, “Hahaha, I thought that it was something serious. Don’t worry, focus on having your clones become God-rank first. After that happens, then your Young Master would help Shun become 9th rank.” Shue was overjoyed by Zhao Hai’s reply, he quickly replied, “Thank you, Young Master.” Zhao Hai patter his shoulder once more and said, “Alright, let’s head back in. Let’s drink a couple of cups. We’ve been too busy these days, we need to relax.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s heart felt warm after listening to Shue’s request. Shue hadn’t asked for anything ever since he followed him. This was the first time that Shue made a request, but it actually wasn’t for himself, instead, it was for a friend. After becoming God-rank, Shue didn’t forget about Shun. This made Zhao Hai very happy.</p>

  <p>After they arrived at the Space, Zhao Hai made Meg prepared several dishes. Then he sat with Shue in the dining room while having a few cups of liquor. On the other hand, in every city in the Buddha Empire, people who had been placed on the list have emerged to be 8th ranks, some even got promoted to 9th.</p>

  <p>These 8th ranks can be promoted later on. As for these 9th ranks, Zhao Hai asked Cai’er to observe their current actions.</p>

  <p>A 9th rank expert was a significant person in the Continent. Although these people were elected, it was still difficult to be assured that they won’t do anything excessive upon becoming 9th rank. But if they do, then Zhao Hai would definitely be impolite.</p>

  <p>Besmir was now 9th rank. Aside from him, there were also quite a number of people who had become 9th rank in Rising Sun City. These people included Elves, Beastmen, and Dwarves.</p>

  <p>As the number of 9th ranks increase, Besmir’s mood had become better and better. A lot of 9th ranks meant that Rising Sun City’s fighting strength was strong. For Besmir, this was truly a good thing.</p>

  <p>Additionally, among these 9th ranks were Elves, Beastmen, and Dwarves, races who found it hard to upgrade their strength. However, once these people become 9th ranks, their strengths would be a lot more than any Human experts.</p>

  <p>Besmir’s current emotion wasn’t unique, it had also propagated all throughout the continent. In the Buddha Empire, 9th ranks started appearing in each of the cities. This caused the people to have their morale increase.</p>

  <p>However, although these people had become strong 9th ranks, nobody dared to act arrogantly. Earlier, there were some people who had become 9th ranks who thought that they were already great. Zhao Hai might not care about normal arrogance, but when these people started to do evil things, Zhao Hai immediately sent and undead to seize this person. After that, the undead didn’t hesitate to execute this person in front of the whole city before turning the person into an undead.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s lightning-fast methods truly frightened everyone. This caused the recently promoted 9th ranks to behave themselves.</p>

  <p>Two days had already passed by, Zhao Hai and the others were in front of the Processing Machine. The timer on the machine was quickly approaching zero. When the timer turned zero and the beeping stopped, the God-ranked potion immediately appeared in front of them.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t hesitate as he took the potion and handed it over to Shue, “Shue, drink this immediately. I reckon that the Divine Race would be here soon. We need all the strength we can muster.”</p>

  <p>Shue didn’t waste any words, he immediately took the potion and downed it in one go. This time, Shue didn’t need to stabilize himself. His body just shone a blue light for a moment, then after the light vanished, Shue turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master.” Then another Shue appeared on his side. Zhao Hai can sense the aura of a God-rank expert on this clone of Shue.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Good, good. Right, does he have a Domain?”</p>

  <p>Shue nodded, “He has, Young Master. After all, he is another version of me. The only reason he isn’t’ God-rank before was because there wasn’t enough energy in the first potion. Now that I had enough, my clones’ immediately got improved. He will have everything that I have, including my Domain.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai felt great happiness, “Great. That’s fantastic! Hahaha. I really am envious of your divergent ability. Good, good. Let’s go out and see when the Divine Race would arrive. I can’t wait to see their expressions.” Then Zhao Hai took Berry and Shue out of the Space.</p>

  <p>The three of them went out and arrived inside Upper Bank City.. This city was also one of the big cities in the Buddha Empire. But now, the place was completely deserted. It was actually part of Zhao Hai’s initial plan for defense, however, due to the sudden appearance of the Divine Race, they had no choice but to vacate this city.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai wanted to have his first clash with the Divine Race in this city. This was because of its good position as well as it being the first city to be encountered if one were to come from the Radiant Empire. It would be impossible for the Divine Race to miss this city.</p>

  <p>The reason Zhao Hai was assured was because he knew how arrogant the Divine Race were. From the way they act to the way they talk, these Divine Race people would definitely place their crosshairs on Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai just killed the Pope in front of them while also taking three of their divine artifacts. In this situation, Zhao Hai doesn’t need to go to the Divine Race, the Divine Race would be the ones who will go to him.</p>

  <p>After all these considerations, Zhao Hai felt relieved as he waited inside the city. He must teach the Divine Race a lesson, let them understand that the Ark Continent wasn’t their own backyard. They couldn’t just take a walk here whenever they wanted. The Ark Continent wasn’t their pig pen, and its residents aren’t their farm animals. If they wanted to conquer the Ark Continent, then they would need to show real skill. Even if they went all out, the end result was still completely unknown.</p>

  <p>Originally, Upper Bank city held a population of a million people. Additionally, this was also the closest Buddha Empire city from the Radiant Empire. It itself held great strategic significance. Because of this, the walls of the city were quite thick. Moreover, the city was also protected by a magic formation. Although this formation was nothing in Zhao Hai’s eyes, it still proved how valuable this city was.</p>

  <p>After Zhao Hai’s group of three appeared in the city, Laura and the others followed them out. These days, the women were very busy inside the Space, they went out this time to taste some outside air.</p>

  <p>Even if the environment inside the Space was very good, staying for too long inside it would also make people depressed. A change of scenery was always good.</p>

  <p>The group stood on top of the city wall, looking towards the distant Radiant Empire. At this moment, Lizzy opened her mouth, “The population of this city used to be 1 million. Now it had turned into a ghost town. Sigh, Human affairs are truly unstable.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai turned to Lizzy before looking at the empty city streets, “This is already good. If you go to the Radiant Empire, not only would you see a dead atmosphere, you would also see dead bodies strewn around. Seeing all those dead people just on the streets would make you gasp, that scene was just too terrifying.” Lizzy felt her complexion pale, she couldn’t speak. At this time, Shue turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, we should see whether we can make good use of this city’s magic formation. Although it can only be used for defense, it is much better than nothing.”</p>
</body>
</html>