<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 749: The Usage of the Magic Background</h3>

  <p>Upon hearing Cai’er, Zhao Hai understood. When Zhao Hai was still back on Earth, he had read some magic novels. Therefore, he knew that in these types of special environments treasures would thrive.</p>

  <p>Although there were a lot of plants and animals in the Space, they weren’t that special. As for the treasures in the Ark Continent, there really weren’t much to begin with.</p>

  <p>Compounding potions in the Space needed special materials. Ginseng, fo-ti, and other materials needed special environments in order to be grown efficiently. It was because of these limitations that the God-rank potion took a long time to make.</p>

  <p>Just as what the prompt said, Zhao Hai can now purchase magic world backgrounds. For example, he can now buy a volcanic environment, a very hot place, but will be safe enough that the volcano would never erupt. In this place, herbs would be infused with fire element constantly, becoming treasures as time passes.</p>

  <p>Moreover, these backgrounds can also be used to rear magic beasts. If a snake were to be placed in an environment with the same conditions as the Carrion Swamp, then that snake would eventually produce deadly poisons.</p>

  <p>In the past, there was no such environment in the Space. Now that the magic backgrounds were unlocked, plants and animals can now be placed in special environments for controlled growth. In the future, herbs would be more readily available in the Space, this was also true for magic beasts. This will in turn cause potions to be more abundant.</p>

  <p>After thinking about this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh. He couldn’t stop himself from grabbing Cai’er and kissing her on her small tender face.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s action made Cai’er turn red, causing her to hide her reddened face from Laura and the others in embarrassment. Although Laura and the others couldn’t understand why Zhao Hai became overwhelmingly glad, Zhao Hai being in this state also made them happy. They couldn’t help but chuckle while looking at Zhao Hai’s actions.</p>

  <p>After some time, Zhao Hai calmed down, then he turned to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, are these backgrounds expensive? If they aren’t, then immediately buy ten. Just remember to pick the environments properly according to our needs.”</p>

  <p>Cai’er’s face was still flushed, but when she heard Zhao Hai, she quickly replied, “Young Master, feel relieved, they aren’t very expensive. Our gold coins are enough to buy ten of them. I’ll arrange it immediately.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “That’s great. I’ll hand this matter over to you. If we have these backgrounds, will our production of God-rank potions increase?”</p>

  <p>Cai’er nodded and said, “Yes, Young Master. As long as we have magic beasts and plants in these backgrounds, we should be able to make God-rank potions more frequently.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, but suddenly he frowned as he said, “These backgrounds don’t have Farming Grounds that can shorten growth time. This is quite problematic.”</p>

  <p>Cai’er smiled and said, “It won’t be. Young Master, now that the Space has levelled up to 70, you can now turn red clay into fertile soil. Not only could it increase yield, it can also make growth faster. And in those backgrounds, you can select some specific places where you can cultivate some plants. The land that can be transformed is limited to 1 percent of the total land area, however, I think that should still suffice.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai became happy with this news, “Good, good. Then I’ll leave it to you to pick the spots, I don’t want to pick them myself. However, I’m certain that these would cost some money. Cai’er, look into our gold coins, if its not enough, then look at the things inside the Space that we won’t need in the near future and then sell them. These upgrades are more important to us, the rest are relatively worthless.”</p>

  <p>Cai’er nodded. Zhao Hai’s choice to give this task to Cai’er was the right decision. This was because Cai’er was linked to the Space, so she knew every single change that happened inside it. And with the Space’s speed of calculation, Cai’er would be the most fit person to handle this task.</p>

  <p>After arranging these, Zhao Hai felt relieved. Then he turned to look at the Tree of Life that had been healed and the Tree of Life saplings that looked healthier. Then he turned to the others and said, “I’ll have to send this back to the Elves. In any case, we already have our own inside the Space.”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and said, “Wait for some time, it hasn’t been too long. Let the Elves wait, hehe, its great looking at their worried faces.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai laughed, “Alright, then let’s return to the living room and rest for a while. We gained greatly today. Let’s a;sp take a look at the magic world backgrounds that Cai’er had bought.”</p>

  <p>After the group returned to the living room and sat down, Cai’er opened the store page and showed a decorated display. The difference from before was that the magic world column was now unlocked.</p>

  <p>Cai’er picked ten designs, some of them beautiful while there was one with a gloomy and terrible aura. Then Cai’er turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, at this point, these ten backgrounds are the most suited to our cause.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the backgrounds, the volcanic environment that he had thought of before was among them. There was also an environment filled with ice and snow, among other unique environments. Zhao Hai was quite satisfied with the choices. What Zhao Hai didn’t understand was the gloomy environment. You can even see skeletons, zombies, and other ghosts inside it. Moreover, there was no sun, the only thing on the sky was a round blood red moon. One could describe hell and this would be what they would show.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, why choose this background? It looks quite terrible.”</p>

  <p>Cai’er smiled and said, “Young Master, this background is actually a replica of the Demon Realm. But this isn’t really the Demon Realm, this background is called Hell. It has strong dark energy inside, something very helpful for the undead. Young Master should remember that our undead aren’t too strong. If we can place them in this background, then it is possible for them to be promoted. Moreover, there are also plants that thrive in this kind of place, and they are of great value. These are the reasons why I chose to get this background.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “You’ve been very careful, good, I’ll trust your decision. Do what you need to do. Even the possibility of promoting the undead is a great investment to make.”</p>

  <p>Cai’er nodded with a smile, then she waved her hand as she bought all of the backgrounds. Zhao Hai didn’t give much care as he saw the amount of his gold coins drop drastically. He thinks that these gold coins were placed in worthwhile investments.</p>

  <p>After Cai’er bought the backgrounds, Zhao Hai went on and explored them. Every background was visited, he looked like a tourist strolling a new place.</p>

  <p>On the other hand, Cai’er was busy placing plants and magic beasts in each of the backgrounds. She didn’t only plant herbal ingredients, she cultivated some agricultural crops as well. Cai’er decided to plant them in the backgrounds to see how they would develop.</p>

  <p>At the same time, Cai’er also planted a Tree of Life on each background. Although the Trees of Life can balance energies, its capabilities weren’t that omnipotent. In the background named Hell, for example, the Tree of Life couldn’t just absorb every dark energy inside and transform the background into a normal one. Instead, the Tree of Life would only convert some dark energy into wood energy in order to aid the growth of the plants inside.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t bother Cai’er with her job, he was fully confident in her capabilities. It can be said that the one who knew the most about Zhao Hai wasn’t Laura, but Cai’er instead. Cai’er was combined with the Space while Zhao Hai was the host, one could say that Cai’er was Zhao Hai’s version of Artificial Intelligence that some novel protagonists would have. Since the Space was inside his mind, and Cai’er was connected to it, Cai’er was able to know what Zhao Hai needed.</p>

  <p>After exploring the backgrounds, Zhao Hai returned to the Villa. To be honest, even if the backgrounds were beautiful, they still weren’t great places to live in. Think about it, do you want to live next to a volcano? Obviously that would be impossible.</p>

  <p>It was still early, so Zhao Hai wasn’t anxious in returning to the Elves. Instead, he turned the monitor on and looked at the situation back in Upper Bank City.</p>

  <p>The present situation of the city was quite good. There were plenty of 6 and 7th ranks that rose to 8th rank. Some still had low levels and were working hard. Those who had become 8th rank were now sporting happy expressions while they were getting familiar with their newly gained strength.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai likes to see this situation, but he still needed to wait before everyone gets to 8th rank before he begins to distribute the 9th rank potion. He wanted to promote them in batches, so even if the Divine Race attacks, there would still be people who’ll be available for battle.</p>

  <p>It was wartime, anything was possible. Therefore, Zhao Hai wanted to be prepared for anything.</p>

  <p>For the Divine Race to not make any further moves only meant that they were waiting. When their larger army arrives, then they would proceed to deal with Zhao Hai in one fell swoop. At this point, they have nearly 10 million troops. However, not all of them were God-ranks, 9th and 8th ranks still account for the majority. On the other hand, Zhao Hai had nearly 20 million undead, and majority of them were 9th ranks. If these two clash this instant, then it wouldn’t be good for the Divine Race. Therefore, they decided to wait for reinforcements before they attack once more.</p>
</body>
</html>