<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 688: Best Wife Candidate: Succubus</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai calmed his mind as he felt the energy around him. He wanted to know what these things were doing and what their use was.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai found himself unable to find anything out. Besides what he felt, there was nothing else, just the Bone Dragon and the others, hovering mid-air.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai continued to feel out these energy filaments. Although they don’t have any physical effects, its seems like they were doing something akin to a stick hitting water. Ripples were going outwards as the filaments waved around. The ripples were extremely faint, if Zhao Hai didn’t have his God-ranked divine sense, then he wouldn’t have sensed them.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai carefully examined the ripples and was quick to discover that they were special types of spiritual force. It was quite peculiar, not only was it hard to detect, their effect was manifested quite quickly. As soon as the ripples touched Zhao Hai’s mind, they would immediately get absorbed and then disappear.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but feel very strange, this mental attack was too weak, but he immediately found out that something was wrong. Then suddenly, the opposing party’s fluctuation increased. At the same time, the more the other party exerted this force, the more comfortable Zhao Hai felt.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai was not happy with this, in fact, he was quite startled at this point. He was now convinced that these ripples were up to no good and were responsible for Zhao Hai’s strange situation. And then, Zhao Hai understood that he had been trapped in an illusion.</p>

  <p>After he had thought up to this point, the Space immediately issued a prompt, “Host is receiving an advanced level hypnosis attack. Host’s form separated from hypnotic state. Space has increased its own hypnosis ability.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s mind went blank, then he opened his eyes. It was not long before he discovered a Demon not far away from him. She was a very attractive Demon, she wore bewitching leather clothes, one could clearly see that this leather was made out of the skin belonging to a very advanced level beast. The leather was black, it didn’t have any speck of hair on it and had a texture of a diver’s suit. The leather tightly fit her body and was very perfect for her own form. The Demon’s skin had the same color as wheat and her facial expression was exquisite. She had silvery-white hair which was quite long. At this time, she was about ten meters away from Zhao Hai and the others.</p>

  <p>The Bone Dragon wasn’t moving at all, it was just quietly floated in the air. Then Zhao Hai turned to Tywin and the others, it seems like they were still unable to notice this female demon in front of them.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai turned his head back to the female demon in surprise. This woman was too powerful, to the point that she can actually place Zhao Hai in an illusion. If Zhao Hai didn’t become suspicious and was saved by the Space, then he would have suffered consequences.</p>

  <p>At this time, Cai’er talked while inside the Space, “Young Master, that’s a Succubus. Their race has the most powerful spiritual attack in the entire Demon Realm. Young Master, it seems like you are in deep trouble now.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was confused at what Cai’er said, “Trouble? What trouble? I have broken her attack, therefore, I can just kill her whenever I want. How can that be trouble? &#160;Is it because I’m still in an illusion?”</p>

  <p>Cai’er gave a smile and said, “Of course not. Young Master is certainly out of the illusion. However, the Succubi are the hardest people to deal with in the Demon Realm. Moreover, their race had a very unusual rule. When an adult Succubus attacks using her mental power and her enemy manages to break free, then she would have to marry him. Of course, this isn’t the only way that Succubi get married. However, all married Succubi would have a crystal piece on their foreheads, increasing the potency of their mental attacks. Young Master, from what I can see, this adult Succubi in front of you is still undefeated, meaning that she is still unmarried. Now that the Young Master has broken free of her attack, then I’m afraid that this Succubi would have to marry you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare blankly, he would never expect this in a thousand years. Then he asked Cai’er, “Is that really the case? Is there nobody in the Demon Realm that can defeat this Succubus? From what I can see, her mental attack is indeed powerful, but it isn’t to a point where nobody else can defeat it.”</p>

  <p>Cai’er smiled and said, “Of course they aren’t invincible, otherwise, the Demon realm wouldn’t have been ruled by the Demon Race. However, these Succubi are very careful. In addition to their mental attack, they still have other ways to harm their enemies. If they aren’t confident with their mental attack, then they certainly wouldn’t use it. After all, the assassination techniques of the Succubi were also very formidable. Additionally, they weren’t the kinds of people who would stir up trouble with existences that they wouldn’t dare to provoke. Because of this, marrying a Succubus by withstanding their attack wasn’t a very easy matter. A lot of Succubi married their husbands voluntarily instead of being compelled to marry their opponent. At the same time, it is also impossible to force a Succubus to marry someone. If the Succubus is forced, then she might commit suicide. But before she dies, she would curse the other party, leaving an unerasable mark on him. After that, the person would then be hounded by the other Succubi. One must also know that the Succubi held great influence in the Demon Realm, a lot of them married very powerful people in the hierarchy of power and influence. Moreover, their unreasonable passion was also quite known. Once one person get married to a Succubus, they would no doubt be held as someone worth respect. And when their husbands die, Succubi wouldn’t even hesitate to kill themselves. Because of this, everyone in the Demon Realm wanted to have a Succubus as their wife. Not only are the Succubi proficient in assassination, their mental power would also increase after being married. And most importantly, all Succubi are very beautiful. They are the most ideal wives in the Demon Realm.”</p>

  <p>This gave Zhao Hai a headache, then he asked, “What if I just refuse to marry her after I break her mental attack?”</p>

  <p>Cai’er shook her head, “That would not be a good idea. The temperament of the Succubus shouldn’t be underestimated. If you chose to not marry her, then she would kill herself in front of you, marking you with the unremovable curse as well.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai felt his head get more painful, he didn’t think that he would meet such a hard to deal enemy. If the Succubus were to discover that he had escaped from her attack, what reaction would she have?</p>

  <p>After thinking about this point, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but gain hope, he turned to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, I’m not from the Demon Realm. Then wouldn’t she refrain from marrying me?”</p>

  <p>Cai’er shook her head and said, “That is impossible, Young Master. It didn’t matter what race you are, as long as you break a Succubus’ attack, then she would marry you. It didn’t matter if you aren’t a Demon, even if you are a magic beast, she would still marry you.”</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai heard this, he couldn’t help but stare. He hadn’t heard of a race as terrifying as this. They were completely not in line with common sense. How could all of these be possible?</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was thinking of methods to make the Succubus believe that he was still under her attack. He wanted to get out of this trouble, marriage wasn’t an easy thing to decide on.</p>

  <p>At this time, Cai’er actually chuckled and said, “Congratulations, Young Master. You just gained another wife. The Succubus just discovered that you had freed yourself from her attack.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Cai’er, Zhao Hai’s mouth couldn’t help but twitch. Then he looked up at the Succubus who had also opened her eyes. She was currently looking at Zhao Hai, her wheat colored cheeks seemed to have developed a blush.</p>

  <p>One couldn’t deny how beautiful this Succubus was, especially now where she was being timid and shy. But after thinking about their race’s peculiar rule, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but force a smile.</p>

  <p>When the Succubus saw Zhao Hai’s expression, her face couldn’t help but get redder. She shook her head and then fixed her hair before she sternly looked at Zhao Hai and said, “From what I can hear during your conversation with the Flower Devil, you should be knowledgeable about the Demon Realm. Do you know what I am?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai wanted to say that he didn’t know. But when he saw the Succubus’ expression, he couldn’t help but nod. On the other hand, Tywin and the others had just recovered. All of them couldn’t help but freeze when they saw the beautiful woman in front of them.</p>

  <p>When the Succubus saw Zhao Hai nod, she couldn’t help but relax. Then she looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Then do you know about the rule of our Succubus race?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai had no choice but to bitterly nod. He didn’t know if it was an illusion or not, but he can feel that the other party can ascertain whether he was speaking the truth or not. He was afraid that once the Succubus discovered that he lied, then she might kill herself immediately.</p>

  <p>If it was an ordinary enemy who killed themselves, then Zhao Hai wouldn’t even bat an eye. But after Cai’er told him about the custom of the Succubus race, he couldn’t afford having this Succubus kill herself. Therefore, he had no choice but to bitterly smile at this time.</p>

  <p>The Succubus looked at Zhao Hai and said, “So you are aware. Then from today on, I shall be your wife.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “But first you should know that I already have several wives. And I love them very much.”</p>

  <p>The Succubus actually coldly snorted and said, “I don’t mind.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was left with nothing to say. He didn’t think that the other party would give such a nonchalant reply. At this point, Tywin and the others couldn’t make sense of what just happened. This woman in front of them seem to be an enemy, but now she has become Zhao Hai’s wife. They didn’t know if they should prevent her approach or just stay there. All of them felt that they had gone stupid from all that just happened.</p>
</body>
</html>