<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1291: Ironwood Demon and Blood Gold Mine</h3>

  <p>In the Six Realms Battlefield, people admire those who have strength. However, this property only benefited the strong person and not others. If you were strong, then you would be able to kill more enemies and in turn gain more spoils. All of these achievements would be yours and wouldn’t benefit others. Therefore, in addition to admiration, people would also feel envy. They wouldn’t necessarily treat you as one of them.</p>

  <p>However, a good crafting master that could make great weapons and wasn’t stingy in helping others was something that everyone wanted to be in a good relationship with. Zhao Hai’s refined weapons could improve their survivability in the battlefield.</p>

  <p>Weapons and armor were a fighter’s second life, this was something that everyone knew. At this moment, the people from the Machine Field were inferior compared to the Cultivation Realm. One of the reasons for this was because their weapons were inferior.</p>

  <p>Although it was said that when confronting the enemy one shouldn’t let go of their weapons, people from the Cultivation Realm were able to let go of their weapons and have them attack by themselves. Moreover, one person can operate several weapons at the same time.</p>

  <p>However, the people from the Machine Field didn’t share this advantage. Even if the Warriors could release sword qi, the close combat capabilities of their weapons were still worse than the Cultivators. Most importantly, since they only have two hands, Warriors could only operate two weapons at most.</p>

  <p>Xiong Li’s hammers have the weapon shattering formation engraved in them. People from great families weren’t clueless about the weapon shattering formation. This was a formation specially used by Mechs and Battleships mainly to pierce armor. This armor piercing ability was used to deal with other Mechs and Battleships. After all, internal conflicts were still present within the Machine Field, and there were also the space pirates. Mech battles and Battleship engagements caused people to research ways to deal with their enemies much more easily. The result of this research was the weapon shattering formation. The ability of this formation to pierce everything was first-class. It was just a pity that it couldn’t be used in weapons used by Warriors.</p>

  <p>Although there were plenty of magic formations inside Warrior weapons, their general attack was very monotonous. To be honest, Warriors in the Machine Field were quite similar to Sword Cultivators. Sword Cultivators focus on the sword to break ten thousand obstacles. Meanwhile, Warriors also focus on destroying ten thousand obstructions, but they don’t have the appropriate weapon to do so.</p>

  <p>Therefore, among all other realms, the Warriors from the Machine Field had the most intense desire to get their hands on a good weapon. And Xiong Li’s hammers were the definition of a good weapon.</p>

  <p>Because of this, the position of Zhao Hai in everyone’s heart had increased. Everyone wanted to be on good terms with him and flatter him. How intense their feelings about this was something that Zhao Hai didn’t expect.</p>

  <p>After resting for two hours in the tunnel, Yuan gathered the group and then took out a map. This map showed the partially controlled territory of the Demon Race. This map was something that Yuan would never give to others.</p>

  <p>Yuan pointed at a position on the map and said, “We’re not far from this area. This is a special place for the Demons, the Ironwood Demon Forest!”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing the words Ironwood Demon Forest, everyone couldn’t help but suck in a cold breath. This was because Ironwood Demons were famous Demons. The original body of these Demons was the Ironwood Tree. These trees were slow-growing but had bodies that were as strong as steel. Even their saplings were as firm as fine steel. These saplings were also heavy and might even be mistaken as weapons.</p>

  <p>Despite these great qualities, Ironwood Trees had very high chances to become Demons. Moreover, after becoming Demons, their fighting strength wasn’t something to scoff at. They were the main strength of the Demon Race.</p>

  <p>Liu Zhen looked at Yuan and said, “Old Yuan, are you sure you want to face those Ironwood Demons? From what I heard, that forest has several Nascent Soul Demons. Although Little Hai is strong, it’s not good for us to go there.”</p>

  <p>Yuan smiled and said, “I’m not planning to go there, I’m not that crazy yet. Those Ironwood Demons are strong. After all, they’re the main fighting force of the Demon Realm. Going to that forest will just be courting death. Moreover, moving the Ironwood Demons will bring trouble to the Machine Field. The gains don’t justify the trouble.”</p>

  <p>Everyone laughed and agreed. This Ironwood Demon Forest was very famous in the Six Realm’s Battlefield. It was originally a hill with rich spiritual qi. Afterwards, Ironwood Demons began grouping up there before it slowly formed into a forest.</p>

  <p>The influence of the Ironwood Demons was very strong, it even extends to the World of Cultivation. Therefore, nobody easily provoked them. And as time went by, the Ironwood Demons became stronger and stronger.</p>

  <p>Yuan continued, “We’re not going to the Ironwood Demon Forest. We’re going here.” Then he pointed towards a place not far from the Ironwood Demon Forest. It’s one of the rare barren mountains in the Six Realms Battlefield.</p>

  <p>However, this barren mountain was also famous in the battlefield. This was because this barren mountain produces soft gold. Soft gold was a malleable metal with strong metal-element energy. Moreover, it can be melted at a very low temperature, making it a good material to fuse with other metals as it could also increase the metal element in other metals. It’s an excellent resource for crafting.</p>

  <p>A place like this was strictly controlled by the Demons. And they would make sure that the other realms couldn’t take advantage of it. However, because soft gold was very easy to use, it was impossible for the Demons to completely take control of the mountain.</p>

  <p>Originally, the Demon Realm had a garrison on this mountain. However, the other realms united and harassed it for the soft gold. In the end, after the Demons suffered serious casualties, they withdrew the garrison, giving the other realms the opportunity to mine the resource.</p>

  <p>Of course, the Demons wouldn’t just let the other realms mine in peace. It can be said that the soft gold mine was one of the places where people die the most in the Six Realms Battlefield. This also gave soft gold the name Blood Gold.</p>

  <p>With the Ironwood Demon Forest close by, it can be said that the Demons were making the Ironwood Demons take care of the soft gold mine. Relatively speaking, the Demons still have the majority of the mined soft gold.</p>

  <p>The Demons have the majority, but this didn’t mean that they had complete control over the mine. One could imagine the chaos in this mine. The region was seen as the best turbid water to catch small fish. Naturally, this place was teeming with sharks hungry for prey.</p>

  <p>At first when Yuan pointed towards the mine, everyone gawked. Then after some time they laughed. Then Liu Zhen said, “Yuan, you’re really cunning. Good, the soft gold mine is a good choice. Although there are a lot of Demon Experts in that place, powerful experts are very rare. I heard that the realms had reached an agreement to not send powerful experts in that place. The strongest person allowed should be a Nascent Soul Expert, and those Nascent Soul Experts act alone. With Little Hai’s protection, we can guarantee our lives. Also, the mining tunnels stretch in all directions. Even if we don’t win, at least we can retreat easily.”</p>

  <p>Yuan nodded and said, “Exactly. We can go there to bring trouble. Not only can we deal with the Demons, we might even be able to take some soft gold back. And since Little Hai can refine weapons for us, we can exchange his services for soft gold. After all, we cannot make Little Hai work for nothing.” After Yuan said that, everyone laughed. Then they looked at Zhao Hai and teased him for a bit. Zhao Hai chatted with everyone for some time, making the atmosphere very warm.</p>

  <p>After some time, everyone stopped talking. Then Yuan said, “Although we don’t have to worry much, we still need to be careful. After all, the soft gold mine isn’t far from the Ironwood Demon Forest. If those Ironwood Demons discover that something isn’t right, then we will be unlucky.”</p>

  <p>Everyone nodded. Zhao Hai looked at everyone and thought for a moment before he said, “Everyone, back in the competition, I was able to get some good loot. Let me share it with you all.” Then he waved his hand and took out a pile of things. This pile consists of walnut-sized pale orbs. They weren’t very good looking.</p>

  <p>However, Yuan and the others were able to recognize what it was. These were yin lightning mines. Yuan’s eyes shone. One must know that yin lightning mines were very rare in realms other than the Devil Realm. He didn’t expect Zhao Hai to have this much.</p>

  <p>Yuan carefully inspected the yin lightning mines, then he nodded and said, “Great, these really are yin lightning mines. Little Hai, how did you manage to get all of these?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “The Devil Realm’s Tu Mietan wanted to kill me using these things. However, I was able to kill him before he was able to use them, so I took them as my spoils. I reckon these would be useful to us at this time. With these mines, everyone’ safety will be even more guaranteed.</p>

  <p>Yuan and the others were moved. One must know that because of the yin lightning mines’ rarity, those who have them would hesitate to make use of it. But now, Zhao Hai took them out for everyone. Everyone couldn’t help but feel more intimate with him.</p>

  <p>Yuan wasn’t polite, he waved his hand and said, “Alright, then everyone should take one for themselves.” Everyone knew that being polite at this time would just alienate themselves. Therefore, they each took one yin lightning mine for themselves. The remaining ones were taken by Yuan and Liu Zhen.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai won over everyone with this move. He planned to do this because he knew that forming a connection with these people would benefit his position in the Machine Field. These people weren’t from External Halls but were Core Members of their respective families. Their words hold weight in their own families.</p>

  <p>These people belong to powerful Mage and Warrior families. And in a place like the Six Realms Battlefield, the relationships they forge here would be stronger than usual. As long as they establish a friendship in the battlefield, then they would definitely be a great help for Zhao Hai in the future.</p>
</body>
</html>