<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 903: Zhao Hai’s Thoughts</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t know about what Fei’er and the others were thinking. Right now, he badly wanted to see the changes made in the Space, but he still resisted. He still had a lot of things to do, he didn’t want to ascend right now.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai made the undead clean the battlefield before returning to the Taurus Continent. At this time, Fei’er and the others also arrived on the Hell King’s ship.</p>

  <p>As soon as Fei’er and the others entered the ship, Zhao Hai could see the evident weight on their expressions. It looked like they were the ones defeated in the battle.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gawked, he looked at Fei’er and said, “What’s wrong? Why do all of you look so sad?”</p>

  <p>Fei’er looked at Zhao Hai and smiled bitterly before he said, “Mister, this enemy has gone beyond our expectations. They seem to be more formidable than the Divine Race. Can we really win against them?”</p>

  <p>After hearing this, Zhao Hai immediately understood why Fei’er and the others were looking &#160;so sad. To be honest, Zhao Hai was also startled at the performance made by the O’Neal family. However, he didn’t think the same as Fei’er and the others. Although the attack power of the magic armors wasn’t bad, to say that they were invincible was too much.</p>

  <p>Moreover, Zhao Hai knew that the magic armors of the O’Neal family scouts were high-level magic armors. It’s impossible for the whole of O’Neal family’s troops to have that kind of firepower.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er and the others, he smiled faintly and said, “It’s alright. There’s no need to be worried about this matter. Those people didn’t come in due to our provocation. And if they really did come, it’s impossible for us to not resist. However, they are not invincible. I have some understanding about these people. Come and have a seat while we talk.”</p>

  <p>Fei’er and the others nodded before they sat down. Zhao Hai looked at them and said, “I have met with a person from the Atlanta Plane before. At that time, I didn’t express my status. The only thing I told him was the fact that I’m someone from the Ark Continent. I didn’t tell him the state of the continent as well. I told him that the Ark Continent only had 9th ranks and couldn’t raise God-rank experts. During that time, I was preparing to counter-attack the Divine Realm.”</p>

  <p>Fei’er and the others didn’t expect that Zhao Hai to have met someone from the Atlanta Plane. This information startled them. Zhao Hai looked at them and said, “The people from the Atlanta Plane are special. Actually, the Atlanta Plane is….” Then Zhao Hai introduced the Atlanta Plane to Fei’er and the others, and the fact that only the O’Neal family were their enemies.</p>

  <p>Fei’er and the others silently listened to Zhao Hai. They didn’t expect Zhao Hao to have looked into the enemy this much. He even managed to learn that Atlanta Plane’s language.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at them and smiled, “Although the magic armors we saw today are very strong, those are already the elites of the O’Neal family. They are the strongest troops of the family. Defeating even a single one of them is already good, judging by how valued they are to the O’Neal family. In addition to this, magic armors have a fatal weakness.”</p>

  <p>Fei’er and the others looked puzzled at Zhao Hai, they were waiting for what was next. Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “The magic armors has a problem when it comes to long term encounters. Inside those magic armors are people, yet those people don’t supply energy to the armors. Instead, the magic armors have their own power supply. All of the power needed by the magic armors are also made by energy conversion devices. I don’t know how the people of the Atlanta Plane did it, but the energy conversion device can extract energy to form magic crystals that can power magic armors. It can be said that without magic crystals, magic armors are just pieces of scrap iron.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing this, the eyes of Fei’er and the others shone. They understood what Zhao Hai just meant. They &#160;were people who had been in battles in the past and were experienced with matters of war. Therefore, upon hearing Zhao Hai speak about this energy source, they immediately knew about the magic armors’ weakness.</p>

  <p>When he saw the group’s expresion light up, Zhao Hai smiled and said, “So now you know their weakness? Hahaha. Yes, the magic armors couldn’t fight for a very long time. Moreover, when they make battle, their energy consumption becomes much stronger. This is our enemy’s biggest weakness.”</p>

  <p>Fei’er looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, those people didn’t play for long and just ran. Is it because the magic cannons are too strong, consuming their energy? Is that why they retreated? If they didn’t, then they would have been rendered useless. When the time comes, we can just round them up.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “Correct. Therefore, during their attacks, they always have war tanks following behind. Those war tanks might be quick and defensive, but their attacking strength isn’t a lot. If we can constrain those war tanks, &#160;then we can cripple the advancing speed of those magic armors. And if the war tanks aren’t available, then the magic armors wouldn’t be able to fight. Most importantly, those war tanks aren’t able to fly.”</p>

  <p>Fei’er and the others had a smile on their faces. They thought that the magic armors were invincible. But it was just because they didn’t have an understanding of them. Now, with Zhao Hai’s information, there’s no need to be afraid.</p>

  <p>After seeing his goal achieved, Zhao Hai didn’t say anything more. Instead, he proceeded to discuss with Fei’er and the others about how to deal with the O’Neal family.</p>

  <p>Besides Fei’er’s group, Bingya’s group was also in the Hell King’s ship. Bingya and the others had followed Zhao Hai ever since he attacked the Taurus Divines, therefore, they were also acquainted with Fei’er and the others. It can be said that their relationship wasn’t bad. Because of this, sitting and chatting with each other wasn’t an awkward event.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai calmly looked at the group. It can be said that the people onboard were all targets of Zhao Hai. He wanted to pull them to his side and become his people.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai knew that he couldn’t be direct to these people just like what he did with the Demons. The reason Zhao Hai succeeded with the Demons was because the Demons wanted to change their environment in the first place. The Demon Realm was just too terrible a place to live in.</p>

  <p>On the other hand, the people of the Ark Continent moved to the Space because of many reasons. The first reason was due to them having three enemies at that time, the Demons, the Divines, and the Underworld. Moreover, either one of these enemies wasn’t something that the Ark Continent could deal with. The second reason was Zhao Hai’s high prestige among the people.</p>

  <p>Although Zhao Hai wasn’t treated as a god at that time, there were people who placed his portrait on their houses. They were already looking at him as an idol.</p>

  <p>With these reasons combined together, the Ark Continent’s people decided to leave and move into the Space.</p>

  <p>Meanwhile, the Thunder Clan, Barbarians, and the Winged Pegasus had living environments much better than the Ark Continent. Their respective planes could produce God-rank experts. Naturally, their planes weren’t as good as the Space. However, they also won’t envy those living inside the Space, making them very different than the Demons.</p>

  <p>In addition to this, the Thunder Clan and the others had just broken out from being controlled by the Divine Race. Although they had cooperated with Zhao Hai, Zhao Hai’s reputation among their people wasn’t that high. Making the three clans migrate to the Space would be quite difficult.</p>

  <p>Although Fei’er and the others were very respectful towards Zhao Hai, these three people were considerate to their own races. If Zhao Hai wanted to win them over, then he would have to be careful.</p>

  <p>The situation with Bingya and the others was much more complex. Bingya and the others’ status in their clans weren’t high, they didn’t have too many rights to make decisions. And with them being very loyal to their people, winning them over wouldn’t be very easy.</p>

  <p>Because he needed to consider all of these, Zhao Hai decided to refrain from telling these people many of his secrets. Zhao Hai knew that the Space wouldn’t be able to convince these people given the Space’s weak power over beings with wisdom.</p>

  <p>The reason why the Great Demon King, a person with extremely firm mental state, decided to move towards the Space was only due to the Space’s highly beneficial environment. And the Demon King also believed that if Zhao Hai doesn’t deliver on his promise, then the Demons would surely retaliate. It was precisely because of these reason that the Demon King decided to agree with Zhao Hai’s proposal and moved the Demons to the Space.</p>

  <p>Moreover, after entering the Space, the Great Demon King was still fighting for the interests of the Demons. This wasn’t the same as what Zhao Hai experienced before.</p>

  <p>Because of this, Zhao Hai was made aware that the Space wasn’t an all-powerful existence. With regards to intelligent lifeforms, the Space’s abilities were very limited.</p>

  <p>Fei’er’s group as well as Bingya’s group were vastly different compared to the Great Demon King. The Great Demon King was the lord of the Demon Realm, an incomparably high existence compared to any other Demon. One could say that as long as one persuades the Great Demon King, then the entire Demon Race would also be persuaded. And with Lu Wei’s matter, Zhao Hai was able to take the risk and persuade the Great Demon King.</p>

  <p>On the other hand, Fei’er and the others weren’t the leaders of their own people. There were still people with positions above them. Words spoken by Fei’er and the others wouldn’t bear too much of a weight. Even if Zhao Hai managed to persuade them, it didn’t mean that he had persuaded their entire clans. Because of this, Zhao Hai didn’t risk expressing all of his secrets.</p>

  <p>At this time, Zhao Hai was still observing Fei’er and the others. As long as Zhao Hai’s position in Fei’er and the others’ hearts stump their feeling towards their people, only then would Zhao Hai try to make a move.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai needed people at this time. Now that he had unlocked the science and technology background, this meant that he would have more space. If nobody occupies those backgrounds, then they would be wasted. Because of this, Zhao Hai wanted to recruit as many people as he can. However, he couldn’t do this unreasonably. Making a lot of people aware of his secret wasn’t a good thing to do.</p>
</body>
</html>