<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 664: Dark Creatures of the Underworld</h3>

  <p>The second reason was very simple. Near the Lyon Empire’s capital city were four fortresses. These fortresses stand guard near the capital city. They weren’t very far from the capital, it would only take a day for their troops to arrive by horse. In other words, Zhao Hai needed to take the capital in one day. If he failed to do so, then he would have to face both inside and outside attacks.</p>

  <p>The four fortresses around the capital had 100 thousand troops each, all of them were cavalry. Although they weren’t the most elite cavalry of the Empire, they were still quite problematic to face.</p>

  <p>Naturally, Zhao Hai wasn’t afraid of these cavalry units. He just didn’t want to face them in combat. To be honest, Zhao Hai didn’t have any good impression for these cavalry. When the Dragons attacked the Lyon Empire, they didn’t do anything. After the establishment of the Saint Dragon Empire, they still remained as is while enjoying the same treatment as before. This shows that these people had already sold themselves to the Dragons.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai really wanted to kill these people, but the reason why he held back was the fact that these soldiers were only common soldiers of the Lyon Empire. Moreover, they weren’t just born out of stone, they had their own family members. If Zhao Hai killed these soldiers, then these family members would definitely hate him. When the time comes, a chain reaction would happen, causing chaos in the Lyon Empire, adding trouble to the current situation.</p>

  <p>Because of these conditions, Zhao Hai didn’t want to get in a fight with the Dragons for a long time. It would be best if he were to take care of things fast.</p>

  <p>This time, the method of sneak attack wouldn’t work. This was because ever since the Dragons had taken over the capital, they had enacted a curfew every night, and they also activated an alarm magic formation on the whole the capital during those times. This made it impossible for Zhao Hai to sneak in some assassins. Therefore, the only thing he could do was wait for the daylight before storming the capital.</p>

  <p>After attacking the two fortresses, Zhao Hai prepared himself to attack the Lyon Empire’s capital on the next day. However, since he still wasn’t confident in his plans, he had decided to delay it for another day.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and the others discussed what they would do and finally thought of a plan that Zhao Hai felt to be feasible.</p>

  <p>After having rested for a day in the Space, Zhao Hai immediately began to prepare &#160;the attack. Him along with Green and the others were in the Space’s living room, looking at the Lyon Empire’s capital on the monitor.</p>

  <p>The Lyon Empire’s capital was not much worse than the Rosen Empire’s capital. After all, the Empire was still the second strongest in the continent. At this moment, there were 40 Dragons in the capital altogether. However, these Dragons weren’t grouped up, they were scattered all throughout the city. It might seem like they were dispersed in order to protect the populace, but they were doing this so that they can maintain control.</p>

  <p>These Dragons weren’t weak, even if Zhao Hai wanted to use his previous method then it would prove impossible. There was a warning formation in place.</p>

  <p>The Lyon Empire’s capital always had its warning formation enabled, however, the formation wasn’t as strict in the day compared to at night. It would only be activated in places where the Dragons were staying. This was exactly why Zhao Hai cannot attack in the night. Zhao Hai wasn’t worried about the Lyon Empire’s protective shield at all since the Space can just place the undead directly inside the city. However, these warning formations were the annoying ones, they simply cannot be bypassed.</p>

  <p>At this moment, the sun had just risen, so the gates were still shut. Those commoners that wanted to do business in the capital were still barred from entering. This was also the best opportunity for Zhao Hai to attack. If these people were already in the city at the time of the attack, then they might become victims of the crossfire. But if Zhao Hai attacks before they enter the gate, then these civilian could still run in the opposite direction.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the time, it was close to the moment where the city’s gates would open. He turned to Green and said, “Grandpa Green, it’s time to start.”</p>

  <p>Green nodded and said, “Let’s begin. We need a total of 50 cubes. Young Master, be careful in controlling them.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he waved his hand and launched his attack! At this time, the skies of the Lyon Empire’s capital had suddenly turned dark. Then a large patch of dark cloud appeared. The black clouds kept rolling, making it seem like rain was going to pour soon.</p>

  <p>But what confused the people in the city was the fact that they couldn’t hear the sounds of a thunderclap. They also didn’t feel any kind of wind that would be associated with such a cloud.</p>

  <p>It was the garrison troops that felt something wrong first. They knew that this wasn’t any simple dark cloud, so they couldn’t help but grab their weapons.</p>

  <p>At this time, in the middle of the cloud, a thunderous voice can be heard, “Shameless Dragon Race, since you dared to attack a Human city, then you shall be paying your sins with blood!”</p>

  <p>As this statement &#160;fell, the dark cloud suddenly moved, turning into 50 smaller dark clouds. At this point, even idiot would notice that something was wrong about these dark clouds. Before long, the entire capital had turned into chaos. Those people who were about to leave for work immediately abandoned everything as the ran back home with the quickest speed before locking themselves up inside.</p>

  <p>The soldiers immediately became nervous, at this time, a garrison commander suddenly shouted, “Quick, inform the generals. Open the protective formation! Sound the alarm! Give way for the Mages!”</p>

  <p>Along with the commander’s orders, the city’s magical formation was immediately activated. Fortunately for them, the formation had just been retracted, so it was very convenient to activate it once more. When the formation came into life, a ray of yellow suddenly flashed as a hemispherical dome covered the entire capital.</p>

  <p>However, only after the formation was placed did the soldiers notice something wrong. The formation had indeed been activated, but the dark clouds were actually included inside. This must be the reason why the garrison felt strange, the dark clouds were actually very close to the ground.</p>

  <p>Seeing that the protective formation became useless, the soldiers didn’t panic immediately. At this time, the Mages that guarded the city had arrived at the wall. When they saw the dark clouds, a Light Mage face suddenly paled as he shouted, “Light Mages of all ranks, use light magic to attack. This is a Dark Mist spell of the Dark Mages!”</p>

  <p>When this Light Mage shouted, the other Light Mages immediately took their stance and started to cast light magic towards the dark clouds.</p>

  <p>Now that the Radiant Church and the Dragon Race had made an alliance, the Radiant Church had sent a lot of Light Mages to help the Dragons. Therefore, there were a lot of Light Mages defending the capital city right now.</p>

  <p>As expected, the Light Mages had become useful. When their magic hit the dark clouds, they immediately started to slowly disappear. This made the garrison troops cheer.</p>

  <p>However, the Light Mages actually think that there was no point in celebrating. They were people who completely understood Dark Mages. They knew that the Dark Mist spell was just a 1st rank magic, it had zero attack power. Its biggest use was in blocking the enemy’s sight. Therefore, dispelling the dark clouds wasn’t something remarkable.</p>

  <p>As the dark mist slowly dissipated, the cheering garrison suddenly found themselves to be like ducks who were caught by the neck, they were suddenly jolted into silence.</p>

  <p>This was because they saw battle formations in place of the dark clouds. This battle formation was very strange, it was because it was structured into a cube and was floating in mid air. It looks like every single cube floating in mid air is the same. The peculiar thing was that every unit in these cubes were composed of undead creatures.</p>

  <p>Just as the Dark Mist vanished, the battle formations suddenly moved. Their gradually accelerated as they went straight to specific points in the city.</p>

  <p>When they saw these flying formations, the garrison troops’ complexion suddenly changed. This was because those points were places where the Dragons were resting in. It seems like the other party came completely prepared.</p>

  <p>At this time, the voice came once again, “To the garrison troops, listen. I came this time to deal with the Radiant Church and the Dragons. Since they shamelessly united to usurp the Lyon Empire, I am going to eliminate all of them. I hope you won’t participate in the battle, otherwise, you will definitely be killed.”</p>

  <p>The garrison troops looked at the flying figures in the sky. Although they weren’t that strong, as long as they are from the Ark Continent, then they are aware what being able to fly meant. Aside from flying magic beasts, all other flying beings were 9th rank experts. Even if they haven’t heard of flying undead before, they knew that these undead were going to be trouble if they were provoked. Their ability to maintain a formation alone was enough to convince the garrison of how formidable they were. Additionally, those who commanded these undead were even more frightening.</p>

  <p>At the same time, the garrison also found out that the voice wasn’t lying. Those flying undead were indeed specifically targeting the Dragons. Their flight direction was towards the places were the Dragons were resting in or the places where the lesser dragons were. None of the flying undead were heading towards the place where the garrison troops were.</p>

  <p>The lead Light Mage who commanded the other Light Mages was very pale right now. The be honest, even he couldn’t remember reading about flying undead. In the history of the continent, the strongest undead that was spotted had the strength of 6th rank. The strongest creature summoned by a Dark Mage was not an undead, but instead it was a creature of the dark that came from the Underworld. This creature was extremely powerful. If one was a high-level Dark Mage, they can use a method of sacrifice in order to summon these 9th rank creatures. However, the requirements to summon such a creature was extremely high as well. After the summoning, their life force would be heavily affected. Moreover, there were also cases where the summoned dark creature turned against its own summoner.</p>
</body>
</html>