<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1006: About the Underworld</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai was aware that Addison has his own thoughts. But since Addison wanted him to believe, then he would act that he believed. This way, Addison would put his guard down, finally ending up being cheated by Zhao Hai to enter the Space.</p>

  <p>With their current strength disparity, Zhao Hai was completely able to throw Addison towards the Space. However, he was afraid that Addison might rebel at the last moment and blow himself up. If this happened, then Zhao Hai would lose a powerful subordinate. Because of this, Zhao Hai went through all these things in order to deceive Addison to enter the Space.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Addison and said, “Alright. Addison, stay by my side. I’ll take you to Three Saint City. Since you are injured, I will not sign a contract at the moment. We’ll have you recover first. We’ll sign the contract when you’re healed.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knew that if he kept silent about the contract, then Addison might begin to have some suspicions. He chose his words carefully so that Addison wouldn’t think about it.</p>

  <p>Sure enough, after hearing Zhao Hai, the little bit of anxiety from Addison was cleared. He nodded before he went to Zhao Hai’s side. He looked very obedient.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Addison and smiled. Then he waved his hand as he brought Addison to the Space. After the Vampire King entered, the Space immediately issued a prompt, “Vampire discovered. Disloyalty has been detected, subduing, successfully subdued. Vampire is seriously injured. Does the Host want to treat him? Treatment would cost 1 million gold coins.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai discovered that the Space had slowly gained a humanistic nature. In the past, the Space would just call skeletons robots, but now it could directly identify them as skeletons. Now, it was able to acknowledge the presence of a Vampire. It was clear that the Space was evolving.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gave his agreement, “Immediately issue the treatment.”</p>

  <p>The Space issued another prompt, “Administering treatment!’ After that, Zhao Hai’s gold became 1 million less. On the other hand, a film of blood wrapped around Addison and entered his body. It didn’t take long before Addison’s imposing aura recovered to what Zhao Hai felt before.</p>

  <p>Addison quickly bowed to Zhai Hai and said, “Thank you, Young Master.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he said, “Good. You go cultivate for now. I’ll find you later.” Addison complied as he was sent by Zhao Hai to the Hell Space.</p>

  <p>At this time, Laura and the others walked out of the villa. Zhao Hai could also see Green and Merine among them.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare, then he immediately gave Green his greetings, “Grandpa Green, Grandma Merine, why are you here? Did something happen?”</p>

  <p>Green smiled and said, “Young Master, Laura and the others came to look for me. They didn’t know what to do when you fought Addison, so they went to ask for my advice.”</p>

  <p>Laura added, “That’s right. Brother Hai, it’s thanks to Grandpa Green. He advised us to quickly deal with the Undead attacking Three Saint City and then support you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “If we could say anything about the old treasures of the Buda Clan, then Grandpa Green’s experience is certainly one of them. This time, our harvest is really good. I didn’t expect Addison to be this strong. But with this experience, if I meet another expert like Addison, I would surely be able to deal with them. Today’s event is really good. It’s lucky that you were able to release that skeleton. Otherwise, me and Addison would be in grave danger.”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and said, “You must thank Cai’er well. It was Cai’er who discovered that things weren’t doing well. Because of this, we released a skeleton to break your entanglement.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai turned his head to Cai’er and faintly smiled, “Cai’er, thank you!’</p>

  <p>Cai’er’s small face turned red as she replied, “Young Master is too polite. This is something that Cai’er should be doing.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and didn’t give any more response. He turned to the others and said, “Alright, we shouldn’t be standing here outside. Let’s go in.” After that, the group proceeded to enter the villa.</p>

  <p>After having sat down, Zhao Hai turned his head to Green and the others and said, “Since Grandpa Green is here, then we should discuss what to do next.”</p>

  <p>Laura thought about it and said, “Brother Hai, the Underworld is very important for us. As long as we control this place, then this means that we would have an inexhaustible resource of manpower. I think we should fight here. Our next step would be taking control of the Resistance Army.”</p>

  <p>Laura had already explained the Underworld’s matter to Green and Merine. Because of this, the two Elders already had a gist of the happenings in the plane.</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Laura, Green nodded and said, “What Laura said is correct. The Underworld is important to us. I think it’s importance even surpasses the Divine Realm and the Ark Continent. If we ascend later on and face the powers of the Cultivation Realm, then the Underworld would be able to provide us with manpower. After all, we can get ores and other items anywhere else. But as for manpower, we can rarely get them.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “We should control the Underworld. But I don’t know if we should do it right now. We’ve already offended Lu Wei. If we ascend in the Ark Continent or the Divine Realm, then we would be chased by him. And this time, we still haven’t found out about the Atlanta Plane’s Ascension magic armor. If that magic armor is useless to us, then we can only ascend in the Underworld. So if we offend the manager of the Underworld, then we would be chased once we ascend. I don’t want to face that situation.”</p>

  <p>The group nodded, but Merine knitted her brows as she said, “Young Master, I think you should snatch the Underworld first. In any case, you’ve already offended the people in the Underworld. Moreover, the Underworld is a giant dead landscape, this isn’t something we like to be in. When we ascend, we might as well ascend in the Divine Realm than in the Underworld. Even if we get chased by Lu Wei, the Young Master already fought with him several times, so you have some experience against him. Additionally, if you can’t run, there is still the Space. Also, the Young Master has Lu Wei’s remnant soul who knows about the Cultivation Realm’s situation. On the other hand, if we ascend in the Underworld, we would be going in blind. That case is much more dangerous. Therefore, I believe we should ascend in the Divine Realm or the Atlanta Plane. Ascending in the Underworld isn’t a good idea.”</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai heard Merine’s words, he couldn’t help but stare. He hadn’t thought about this issue. He thought at there wouldn’t be much difference in ascending in the Underworld. Upon hearing Merine, Zhao Hai’s eyes were finally opened. Only the Ark Continent and the Divine Realm belong to the same major plane. If Zhao Hai ascends in the Underworld, then the information that he had from Lu Wei’s remnant spirit would be utterly useless. And this wasn’t a good thing for Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>The faces of Laura and the others changed as well. It seems like old ginger was really more spicy. In terms of experience and wisdom, they couldn’t be compared to Green and Merine. The wisdom of old people were much more meticulous.</p>

  <p>Laura nodded and said, “Right, it’s just like what Grandma Merine said. It seems like we should control the Underworld now. Being chased around by Lu Wei is much better than going to a completely unknown place.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “Alright. Then we will take control of the Underworld. Let’s begin with the Resistance Army. Now that Addison is on our side, we can use him to absorb the Resistance Army. After that, we’ll deal with the Dark Temple.”</p>

  <p>Green nodded, “That would work. But we still need to be on guard against the people in the Resistance Army. For them to hold on against the Dark Temple for this long means that they have their own methods. If we show our power too much, then it wouldn’t be impossible for those people to work with the Dark Temple to deal with us.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “Right, I know what I should do. Grandpa Green, Grandma Merine, you go back first. I still have something to deal in the Underworld. I will certainly come back later to share a meal with you.” Green nodded with a smile.</p>

  <p>After that, Zhao Hai’s figure flashed before he appeared back in Three Saint City. Then he called Addison out. At the same time, Guli and Jiang Zheng arrived and bowed to Zhao Hai, “We have seen the Young Master.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Let’s go inside the tower. I have some words to say.” The three nodded before following Zhao Hai into the tower.</p>

  <p>After the group had sat down, Zhao Hai said, “I won’t care about Three Saint City’s matters in the future. Addison will take control. Addison, I want you to unify the Resistance Army as soon as possible. If you need my help, then tell me. Understood?”</p>

  <p>Addison’s two eyes shone red before he stood up and bowed, “Young Master, you can rest assured, I will complete it successfully.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he continued, “Your people, I will release them after a while. But that doesn’t include the Lich. I have things for them to do. Guli and Jiang Zheng will cooperate with you. I don’t care too much about what happens in the Underworld, I’ll leave everything to you. But you need to be successful.”</p>

  <p>Addison nodded, “Young Master can feel relieved, I know what to do. But Young Master, if I may ask, what do you want the Lich to do? Are the Lich important to the Young Master?”</p>
</body>
</html>