<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 753: Talents Needed To Be Kept</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai was currently standing on the wall of Rising Sun City, listening to Besmir’s report. Besmir wasn’t doing anything in the city right now. Currently, outside the city was a huge underground area dug out by the Dwarves. Retreat tunnels had also been dug for easy escape whenever things go wrong.</p>

  <p>Naturally, Zhao Hai wasn’t stingy when it came to Rising Sun City. At this point, all of the troops in the city, whether they be Humans or not, had become 9th rank experts. Even the Elephant Beastmen were turned into 9th ranks. After all, Zhao Hai took care of this city much earlier compared to Upper Bank City.</p>

  <p>During the start of Zhao Hai’s large scale promotion, he also took care of prioritizing the people in Rising Sun City. This was because the Demons were the bigger threat at that time, and Rising Sun City was at the forefront of the battle. Therefore, Zhao Hai attached great importance to the defenders.</p>

  <p>And Besmir didn’t disappoint him, the preparations in Rising Sun City was more developed compared to Upper Bank City. This made Zhao Hai satisfied with the result.</p>

  <p>After Besmir relayed his report and seeing Zhao Hai’s satisfied expression, he relaxed his heart as he said, “ Mister, did you come just to inspect the defense?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled bitterly before he shook his head and said, “Not just this, I came here this time mainly because of the development in Demon City. It seems like the Demons will make their move soon.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Besmir stared, then his expression changed and said, “If Mister is here, then what about Upper Bank City?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “Presently, the Divine Race aren’t making any sounds. They seem to be waiting for reinforcements. On the other hand, the Demon Army has now surpassed 20 million. With the increasing troops in Demons City, I believe that they would make their attack quite soon.”</p>

  <p>Besmir knit his eyebrows and said, “With the current strength of the Demons, we wouldn’t be able to stop them by relying on Rising Sun City alone. The defensive line behind us has already been arranged. However, most of the people there haven’t been promoted, they’re still unfit to fight with the Demons.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai agreed “This is truly hard to deal with. However, the thing we need to do right now is to delay the enemy as long as possible, allowing Accra Mountain more time to prepare. As soon as our Accra Mountain fortress finishes its preparations, then we would have a proper place to ambush the Demon and the Divine Race armies.”</p>

  <p>Besmir nodded and said, “Alright, I understand. We’ll certainly delay the enemy. However, I’m afraid that also means that we’ll waste a lot of magic cannons, crystals, and blood lightning beads.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “Rest assured, I will provide you with enough supplies. If Upper Bank City gets attacked, I’m afraid I won’t be here to assist you. When that time comes, I’ll need your help in promoting the levels of the other cities, providing them with strength to deal with the Demons.”</p>

  <p>Besmir nodded and said, “Mister, feel relieved, we’ll definitely be able to stop the Demon Race.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “I’ll leave some God-rank undead as well. However, it would be impossible for these undead to win against the Demons. So you still need to be careful. As long as the Divine Race hasn’t attacked Upper Bank City, then I will definitely come and help you. However, if Upper Bank City is under attack, then I’ll have to leave everything in your hands.”</p>

  <p>Besmir gave a firm nod as he felt the weight on his shoulders increase, but he was still very happy.</p>

  <p>Besmir didn’t know who Zhao Hai really was before meeting him. At that time, he only heard that Zhao Hai was very overbearing and was short-tempered. But now that they had been in touch multiple times, he knew that Zhao Hai was actually a selfless person. He was running around the continent, taking all of his goods for support while leading the frontlines at the same time. It was at that point that Besmir started to see Zhao Hai as his idol, the one he looked up to. Because of this, when Zhao Hai gave him this heavy task, he couldn’t help but feel very happy. At the same time, he can also feel the pressure, he was afraid of disappointing Zhao Hai if ever he failed.</p>

  <p>Seeing Besmir’s tense expression, Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It’s going to be fine, there’s no need to be nervous. Actually, Accra Mountain is almost ready, you only need to stall for a short amount of time. The Demons can easily defeat our people, so what we need to do right now is to keep our people safe. Those who have fought with the Demons before will be great weapons in dealing with the Demons in the future. You’re a general, so you should know about the difference between veterans and recruits. What we need in this war are veterans, make sure to preserve them as much as possible. Understand?”</p>

  <p>Besmir stared, he really wanted to use Rising Sun City in order to stop the Demons. In any case, he was even prepared to fight to the end just to stop the Demons from advancing. But now that Zhao Hai said so, he nodded and said, “Yes, sir, I understand.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai patted Besmir’s shoulder and said, “You can do it. I’ll be honest with you, a lot of people in the continent weren’t taking the Demons and the Divine Race seriously. I can block them myself, however, this wouldn’t make their current mentality change. So the only thing that I can do right now is to depend on the frontline soldiers. At the same time, I can also use this opportunity to gather more undead, but only the enemies, I won’t do that to my allies. Because of this, I need every single soldier in the battlefield, I need people like you.”</p>

  <p>Besmir’s eyes turned moist, he was just a soldier, so he didn’t know much about the complicated matters of the continent. However, seeing Zhao Hai express his grievance, he couldn’t help but resent the people of the continent. At the same time, he was also moved by Zhao Hai’s statement.</p>

  <p>Besmir’s voice almost fluttered as he replied, “Sir, what are we going to do? We’re using our lives to protect the continent, but the population seems to take it lightly. Are we really that important?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked straight into Besmir’s eyes and said, “Besmir, there’s no need to doubt it. Who are you? A soldier. And what do soldiers do? They protect homes and defend the country. This is your main responsibility. This in itself is an evidence to how important you people are. Even the most successful Merchant cannot do this. We are resisting against the Demons and the Divine Race because we wanted our children to have a great life in the future. We will not be slaves to the Divine Race nor will be die to the Demons, understand?”</p>

  <p>Besmir made an effort to wipe a tear on his eye, he nodded and said, “Yes, sir, I understand.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he said, “Besmir, your family, where are they right now? I’ll get them sent to the Black Wasteland, making sure that they are safe from harm.”</p>

  <p>When he heard Zhao Hai, Besmir couldn’t help but get excited. He can understand what Zhao Hai wanted to say, Zhao Hai wanted to recruit him over to his side. So he immediately told Zhao Hai about his address. Zhao Hai nodded and said, “The Demons are yet to attack, but you must still be ready. I’ll go back and handle some things first. When the Demons come, I’ll return.”</p>

  <p>Besmir nodded, then Zhao Hai turned around to leave. Before long, Zhao Hai had Shue get Besmir’s family and had them sent to the Black Wasteland. This action was equal to having Besmir as his own person.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai already discovered Besmir’s talent in command. He needed talented people right now, so he gave special treatment to Besmir.</p>

  <p>Lizzy and the others were paying attention the Demons. It can be said that the Demons were more prepared than the Divine Race when it came to making their move. They had already stockpiled massive amounts of military supplies in Demon City. Moreover, their logistics weren’t slow as well.</p>

  <p>Lizzy was currently frowning as she was observing the Demons, she didn’t even manage to notice Zhao Hai. Seeing Lizzy so serious, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile and said, “What happened? Are the Demons really that hard to deal with?”</p>

  <p>Lizzy recovered, then she looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Very difficult. Brother Hai, as you can see, they are quite used to these things. Although they are in their territory, they didn’t have any point of relaxation. Most importantly, their coordination is very fluid. Their army composition can deal with anything thrown at them. It can be said that in a frontal battle, the Demons are more powerful than the Divine Race.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai bitterly smiled, “That’s natural if you think about the matters of the Demon Realm. All year round, wars happen in every corner of the plane. Therefore, it wouldn’t be strange for the Demons to be this formidable. Don’t worry too much about it, thinking about possibilities at this time is useless. Just wait for the real battle and then form conclusions then. Make sure to conserve your energy, we still have the Divine Race to attend to. You can leave the matters here for Besmir to take care of.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy shook her head and said, “I just want to see how the Demons conduct their war preparation. However, I still haven’t thought about a good way to deal with them. Forget it, I’ll just turn my attention to the Divine Race. I’m afraid their reinforcements would arrive in the next few days. It seems like we will have to fight in two fronts. Brother Hai, are we prepared for this?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai forced a smile, “We already did all we could. The Divine Race seems to be anxious while the Demons wanted to take it slow. I can still deal with the Divine Race, but we could only delay the Demons. In any case, as long as Accra Mountain completes its preparations, we can just proceed to slowly retreat and hand the Buddha Empire over to the enemy. I don’t believe that the Demons and the Divine Race would get into an agreement to divide the Empire by half.”</p>
</body>
</html>