<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 403: Method of Improving Strength</h3>

  <p>After eating supper, Zhao Hai entered the space, and at the same time he also called Green and Kun. The two were to teach Zhao Hai fighting skills today.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai told the two about what just happened earlier this day, the old men didn’t worry at all. Although the Markey Family was a strong power, they were still a merchant family, just like the Shelley Family. If they wanted to deal with a person, they needed to make a deal with the nation where that person was residing in, and they also need to spend a lot of resources to do so.</p>

  <p>This time, the Markey family had overreached their boundaries. They didn’t do a good job at investigating. They weren’t even aware that Charlie was present inside Zhao Hai’s ship.</p>

  <p>It didn’t matter if they were determined or just plain careless, their actions today had already been noted. As the third prince of the continent’s most powerful nation, there weren’t a lot of people who would dare take action against him, let alone a Merchant Family.</p>

  <p>Merchant Families were rich, but for Rosen Empire, the continent’s most powerful nation, they were nothing. If the Rosen Empire wanted to deal with the Markey family, then it would be easy. As long as the family had its business spread out among a lot of nations, Rosen Empire could just form an alliance with them and they would certainly be willing to eat the businesses of the family.</p>

  <p>The reason the Markey Family was feared was because of its vast resources, but these resources could also be the reason for their demise.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai saw that the two elders weren’t very worried, he let go of the topic. He now began to train his fighting techniques with Green and Kun. The first thing he studied was naturally Sword techniques.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s Battle Qi has reached 8th rank, and with his body being strengthened by the Detoxification potion and the Goldmetal fruit, his strength had reached an absurd degree. The moment he learns how to use Battle Qi along with fighting techniques properly, his power would increase exponentially.</p>

  <p>The first part of Zhao Hai’s Sword technique practice were the fundamental moves; the stab, cut, point, wipe, lock, stagger, and stick. These moves were the basic stances of any Sword technique. No matter how fierce a technique was, they would still be made up of these moves.</p>

  <p>After practicing for two hours, Green made Zhao Hai take a rest. At this time, Zhao Hai thought that if the Detoxification and Goldmetal fruit could increase his capabilities, then wouldn’t that work for Laura and the others as well? If the group could use the Goldmetal fruit to increase their strength, then that would be a good thing for them overall.</p>

  <p>Thinking of this, Zhao Hai immediately said, “Cai’er, come here.” Cai’er complied, she flew over to Zhao Hai and stared at him.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled at her and said, “Cai’er, please go inspect whether Laura and the others could use the Detoxification potion as well as the Goldmetal fruit to improve their strengths.”</p>

  <p>Cai’er nodded, then waved her hand as lights surrounded Green, Kun, Laura, Meg, Nier, Shue, Shun, Blockhead, and Rockhead. Before long, the light vanished.</p>

  <p>Cai’er turned her head to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, Grandpa Green and Grandpa Kun couldn’t be scanned, the Space didn’t have enough levels to do so. Miss Laura may take the Goldmetal fruit, but it needs to be halved, taken in 10 day intervals. 10 days after the second round, she would have the same rank as the young master. Miss Meg’s aptitude is very good, but she isn’t suitable for the Goldmetal Fruit, she needs a special potion. However, since the Space doesn’t have enough levels, young master cannot purchase the components yet. The same condition applies to Shue and Shun. Blockhead and Rockhead can directly take in a Goldmetal fruit to reach the same level as young master, but since they aren’t the Space’s host, they wouldn’t get an ability.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared for a moment, then he made a happy expression, “Good! Fantastic! Immediately buy three Golmetal Fruits and give one of them to Laura. We’ll worry about Meg’s situation when the time comes. Right, you didn’t say anything about Nier, what’s her situation?”</p>

  <p>Cai’er said, “Nier’s situation is special. She isn’t suitable for any current potions in the Space. She needs a special fruit to eat in order to enhance her skill in communicating with animals. This is her special ability.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knit his brows, “What fruit? Do you know?”</p>

  <p>Cai’er shook her head, “I don’t know. There is no information about the fruit in the space currently. But from the materials that the Space had absorbed so far, there’s a 90% probability that the fruit exists.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “That’s good. Let’s first buy a Goldmetal Fruit then.”</p>

  <p>Cai’er responded, “Young Master, Cai’er proposes to buy a single Goldmetal fruit and plant it. Even though we need to wait for a few days, we can save 20 thousand gold coins.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai patted his head and smiled, “Alright, good. Let’s go according to what you say. In any case, you have a strong computing power right now, you can see things more than me.”</p>

  <p>After he said that, he turned to Laura, Blockhead, and Rockhead, “It looks like you need to wait for a few more days.”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled faintly and said, “We’re not in a hurry. We’ve already been at our ranks for a long time, waiting for a few more days wouldn’t be an issue. However, Brother Hai, I think we should upgrade the Space as soon as possible to help Meg and the others. The Space may even find ways to upgrade Grandpa Green and the others.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and then sighed, “That’s easy to say. Now that the Farm has reached level 30, upgrading 1 level will be extremely difficult. It seems like it will take a long time. Meg, you shouldn’t get discouraged, continue training and maybe you may even rise to 8th rank by yourself.”</p>

  <p>Meg looked at Zhao Hai and gave a sweet smile, “It’s alright, young master, don’t worry. Make Elder Sister Laura rank up first, her present level is too low.”</p>

  <p>Laura made an offended expression and said, “Little girl, you dare tease me?” Then she ran off to chase Meg, who also ran while laughing. The two became quite jolly while teasing each other.</p>

  <p>Looking at the two, Green smiled, then he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, let’s practice for a little bit more, then we’ll rest.” Zhao Hai nodded, then stood up and continued to do his boring exercises.</p>

  <p>At this time, Zhao Hai didn’t know that Ruyen’s escorts were currently very nervous. This was because behind their vessel, a three-masted battleship was closely following. It was just there, leisurely sailing not far from their ship, it didn’t attack them nor did it try to contact them. They didn’t know if this ship was an enemy or a friend.</p>

  <p>Hart, who was the ship captain that the Purcell Family had sent this time, was also quite anxious about this ship. He didn’t know what this ship intends to do, and why it followed them. If he were to say that it was a pirate ship, it wouldn’t fit either. Pirates would never attack their ship, this was because of nothing else than the fact that an experienced pirate would instantly know that their ship had nothing valuable in it.</p>

  <p>Someone who sailed the seas all year round would see from water displaced by the ship that it didn’t have anything in its cargo. Attacking their ship wouldn’t be worth it.</p>

  <p>In order to ensure Ruyen’s safety, Hart even chose to sail along the coastlines, opting to pay taxes in order to increase their security. Pirates wouldn’t generally raid along the coastlines in fear of being surrounded by a nation’s navy.</p>

  <p>However, the other ship followed them closely that it made them uncomfortable. In the end, there was no other way for Hart to do but inform Ruyen about the situation.</p>

  <p>Ruyen frowned as she listened to Hart’s report, “You mean there’s a three-master battleship following not far from us? It didn’t attack us nor got in touch with us? Is that right?”</p>

  <p>Hart replied, “Yes, Miss. We don’t know what the other party wanted to do, it just followed uis. I’m really worried because there’s going to be an area between Rosen Empire and Aksu Empire that is under nobody’s jurisdiction. Pirates are present there, I’m afraid that the ship would act against us in that place.”</p>

  <p>Ruyen nodded, “Come, let’s go out. I want to look at that ship with my own eyes.” She said as she went out of the cabin first.</p>

  <p>After inspecting the boat closely, Ruyen suddenly smiled and turned to Hart, “Hart, you don’t have to worry, just leave them be and continue on. That boat holds no malice towards us, if I guessed it right, they might even be here to protect us.” Then she turned and went back to the cabin, leaving a very confused Hart behind.</p>

  <p>Hart really couldn’t understand why Ruyen was so sure that the other party was protecting them, But if Ruyen said so, then he wouldn’t have any say in the matter. He just instructed his crew to be alert.</p>

  <p>Ruyen can relax, but Hart can’t. So the only thing he could do was raise the alertness of the crew. No matter what, he couldn’t make Ruyen suffer an accident.</p>

  <p>When Ruyen returned to her own room, Jill asked her, “Your highness, why did you tell Hart to not worry? Do you recognize that ship?”</p>

  <p>Ruyen shook her head, “i don’t know that boat, but I know of its style. Couldn’t you see that the ship doesn’t look like a standard ship of the Rosen Empire? Its appearance had been changed a little. Think about that ship that we met on Law River.”</p>

  <p>Jill stared at Ruyen for a moment before his eyes lit up, “Your highness, you think that ship was sent by Mister Zhao Hai to protect us?”</p>

  <p>Ruyen smiled faintly and said, “It’s possible. But forget it, Hart would still be alert no matter what I say. This is also good, it would be best if the ship is our friend, but if it is an enemy, we wouldn’t be caught off guard.”</p>
</body>
</html>