<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 891: Shock That The Undead Brought</h3>

  <p>At this time, only 40 million out of 100 million Divine Race soldiers were left. The others were buried under the mountain.</p>

  <p>Although the Divines were very strong, the weight of a mountain wasn’t something they can just neglect. Those Divines buried were more unlucky than lucky.</p>

  <p>Even if those left were already surrounded, Zhao Hai didn’t order the Undead to attack. He discovered that those who were left had already lost their will to resist. In this case, there’s no point in killing them.</p>

  <p>Sure enough, Zhao Hai’s thought was correct. Except for a few people, the Divines who were being surrounded had fear plastered on their faces.</p>

  <p>At this time, Zhao Hai had his ship go towards the Divines. He looked at them and said, “Put down your weapons. I’ll send you to another place, you’ll be living there from now on. Those who resist will die!”</p>

  <p>The Divines gawked when they heard Zhao Hai. They looked at each other, they didn’t know what to do. Then, one person dropped his weapon, then another one followed, then another. It didn’t take too long before all the Divines had disarmed themselves.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the Divines before opening a spatial rift. After the huge rift appeared in the air, Zhao Hai said, “Go in.” When the Divines let go of their weapons, they also let go of their dignity and pride. They didn’t resist and just accepted their fate as they flew towards the spatial rift.</p>

  <p>Naturally, there were some who decided to rebel. However, even before they made a move, the undead were already on the move. Due to them being disarmed, they were too easy to capture.</p>

  <p>After most of the Divines had entered the spatial rift, Zhao Hai turned his attention to the collapsed base. He waved his hand as a black gas surrounded the mountain.</p>

  <p>The black gas got thicker and thicker. In the end, the entire mountain was covered in the black gas. After completing this, Zhao Hai shifted his gaze towards the vassal soldiers in the distance.</p>

  <p>When the mountain base collapsed and the debris went flying everywhere, the vassal soldiers scattered when they fled. Now, they slowly gathered and reformed themselves.</p>

  <p>At this time, Bingya and the others went to the Hell King’s ship and bowed, “We have seen Mister Zhao Hai.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at them and nodded. “You’ve done well. Hahaha. However, you need to tell the vassal soldiers to leave here as soon as possible. I believe the seven Supreme Elders would be here soon.”</p>

  <p>When Bingya heard this, he paused for a moment before his expression changed, “Mister, I will immediately tell them to leave.” Then he quickly flew towards the vassal races.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai turned his head to look at Laura and smile, “While they are leaving, we’ll go there for a while.” While he was talking, Zhao Hai pointed towards the black fog.</p>

  <p>Laura smiled faintly and said, “Alright, let’s go.” After that, Zhao Hai commanded the Hell King’s ship to enter the black fog and they stayed there.</p>

  <p>If other people could see the situation inside the Dark Mist, then they would certainly be surprised. From the collapsed mountains, Divine Race soldiers crawled one by one out of the debris. But this time, all of them had been turned into undead.</p>

  <p>The reason why Zhao Hai wanted to cover the mountain with his magic was to turn those who died into undead. This way, his number of undead would be boosted even further.</p>

  <p>After Zhao Hai entered the Dark Mist, he immediately opened the monitor to look at the Supreme Elders. At this point, the Supreme Elders had ugly expressions as they flew towards the Taurus Continent. They were already aware that they had been played by Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>After two hours, the Supreme Elders had entered the Taurus Continent, only too see that their base had been covered by a dark mist.</p>

  <p>When the group saw this situation, their expressions couldn’t help but turn ugly. After some time, Elder Star said, “It looks like we’re late.”</p>

  <p>The anger in Gold Ben’s Eyes were quite evident. With burning eyes, he said, “This is Zhao Hai’s black magic. He’s too ruthless.”</p>

  <p>Elder Star turned his head to the others and said, “Let’s go and take a look. We’ll see what Zhao Hai plans to do this time. Be careful, don’t go too far from each other. If Zhao Hai is inside the dark mist while we’re separated, we won’t be able to react to his attack.”</p>

  <p>The group nodded. At this point, they feel dread upon thinking of Zhao Hai’s strength. Because of this, the group didn’t separate as they entered the dark mist.</p>

  <p>They were peak experts of the Divine Race, their Divine Sense were very powerful. However, they discovered that their divine sense had been limited inside this dark mist.</p>

  <p>In the past, Zhao Hai’s dark mist wouldn’t have been able to do this. But after absorbing some of the Underworld’s dark mist, Zhao Hai’s own dark mist was able to evolve, gaining the ability to block divine sense.</p>

  <p>This was the first time that the Divines had experience this. They had encountered things that can block divine sense, like domain weapons and magic formations. But things like this dark mist was unique.</p>

  <p>This was the base that Gold Ben and the others had constructed, so they were quite familiar to its structure. Because of this, they felt that they would be able to leave this base to deal with Zhao Hai. Even if it was attacked by ultimate weapons, it could still hold some ground and buy time for the elders to come back.</p>

  <p>However, they didn’t expect Zhao Hai to attack their base in a barbaric manner. In the end, the base was actually destroyed by him.</p>

  <p>It didn’t take too long before Gold Ben and the others came upon their base. In fact, it couldn’t be called a base anymore. This was because the entire thing was in ruins, and was just a pile of debris.</p>

  <p>Gold Ben and the others stared blankly at the base. To be honest, upon entering the Dark Mist, they already expected their base to be destroyed. However, they didn’t think that it would be ruined to this state. It was thoroughly scrapped.</p>

  <p>At this time, Gold Ben suddenly saw a piece of rock moving. Gold Ben rushed to the area to investigate. Under Gold Ben’s eyes, the huge rock turned to the side, revealing a person underneath.</p>

  <p>After seeing this person, Gold Ben couldn’t help but stare. He knew this person from what he wore. Just from the armor, Gold Ben knew that it was a Divine Race soldier. However, the armor wasn’t the one that attracted his attention, it was the weapons that this person had.</p>

  <p>The Divine Race soldier had two weapons stuck in its body. One was a two-handed sword and the other was a spear. The spear was inserted on the person’s shoulder while the sword was stabbed into his lower abdomen. It can be said that the two points were extremely fatal.</p>

  <p>While Gold Ben was looking at the person, the person also turned to look at Gold Ben’s eyes. The eyes had no expression, it was the same as the eyes of a dead fish. Then that person moved and slowly took out the weapons stuck to his body. The withdrawal of both the sword and the spear would give a person a very terrible feeling. The sound of friction between the person’s bones and the weapons was actually terrifying to hear.</p>

  <p>After taking the two weapons out, the person looked at Gold Ben once again before he turned around and went deeper into the dark mist. In the entire process, no person uttered even a single word. Gold Ben and the others were too shocked to say anything.</p>

  <p>Once the person flew away, Gold Ben let out a long breath. Those who were with him had difficult expressions. They knew that the person was no longer living, he had been turned into an undead.</p>

  <p>Elder Star coldly snorted and said, “Good, Zhao Hai, good. You actually dared to turn my race’s soldiers into undead. Unforgivable!”</p>

  <p>On the other hand, Gold Ben smiled bitterly. He was the first among them to fight with Zhao Hai. Moreover, the Taurus Divines and Zhao Hai hadn’t fought for a day or two, so Gold Ben knew something about Zhao Hai’s capabilities. Zhao Hai’s strongest subordinates were the undead. And most of the undead were from the Divine Race. Because of this, Gold Ben wasn’t too bothered about the Divines being turned into undead.</p>

  <p>At this time, jie Yu’s voice was heard, “The undead went in that direction. Perhaps Zhao Hai is there, let’s go take a look.”</p>

  <p>Elder Star looked at the other elders before he shook his head, “This place has been covered by the dark mist. It’s not good for us if we fight here. We should head out first and then have light magic scatter the dark mist bit by bit. When the time comes, it wouldn’t be too late to deal with Zhao Hai. Our divine sense is limited here and Zhao Hai is a divergent ability user. We have very small chances of success at this time.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing this, the group nodded, then they proceeded to leave the dark mist. Once they were outside, they immediately casted light magic towards the dark mist.</p>

  <p>But to their surprise, once the light magic reached the dark mist, the mist actually scattered. Before long, the mountain was revealed. The only thing was left there was the remains of a destroyed mountain. There was no Hell King’s ship, there weren’t even any dead bodies!</p>
</body>
</html>