<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 624: You Take Command</h3>

  <p>Luo Ying nodded and said, “No matter what, mister is our ally. Dashan, Luo Luo, you have the most contact with mister. Make sure to listen to anything that he wants. Make sure that you satisfy his needs.”</p>

  <p>When Luo Luo heard Luo Ying, she immediately responded, “General, I seem to remember something. Mister Zhao Hai wanted to collect unique beasts and plants as a hobby. Whenever he sees something along the way, he would stop and collect them alive. General, I think we should get some beasts and plants for mister, or maybe something else that is unique, what do you think?”</p>

  <p>Luo Ying gawked, “So mister has a hobby like that. Is mister an Alchemist or a Refining Master? That doesn’t matter, I’ll have someone go and pay attention to this. Right, I have some sea dragon beads on hand. Although Mister is quite strong, it would be more convenient for him if he had these beads.”</p>

  <p>Luo Luo nodded. Then Luo Ying turned to Dashan and said, “Dashan, what is the casualty count? Are we doing well?”</p>

  <p>Dashan nodded and said, “The situation is good. Enemy casualties number over 800 thousand while our deaths are less than 300 hundred thousand. Six hundred thousand of those enemy casualties were due to Mister Zhao Hai’s undead”</p>

  <p>Luo Ying knit her brows and said, “Our casualties are still more than the enemy. The Sea Dragons have gathered a lot of powerful warriors all these years, we’re much worse in terms of fighting prowess. But it was fortunate that we had more reinforcements coming soon.”</p>

  <p>Dashan nodded and said, “It’s also good that mister has managed to gather more undead. If the enemy attacks tomorrow, then mister would gain even more undead, which would be beneficial for us. You’ve seen how strong those undead were from the earlier fight, they’re quite formidable.”</p>

  <p>Luo Ying nodded and said, “However, I’m afraid that the Sea Dragons might have a Light Mage or Light Dragon among them. Those would bring us some trouble.What we need to do right now is to keep the enemy from advancing beyond this place. We’ll wait for more reinforcements to arrive and then grind the enemy bit by bit before we can claim victory in the end.”</p>

  <p>Dashan and Luo Luo nodded. Luo Ying felt some tiredness as she said, “Alright, let’s go rest. I think the Sea Dragons wouldn’t make another attack today.” The two nodded before turning around and leaving.</p>

  <p>Then Zhao Hai turned the monitor off. Laura turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, it seems like they had finally recognized your strength. Are you happy?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “What does being recognized really do? If I weren’t afraid of exposing my secrets, then I would’ve already extinguished the Sea Dragons.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy smiled and said, “But this is also good, they are now going to look for good things for Big Brother Hai. Brother Hai, how about asking for an Azure Dragon Snail? That thing is very good.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I really don’t envy the snail, what I want is their water refining technique. If there’s a chance, I would want to learn how they do it. It’s quite an amazing invention.”</p>

  <p>Megan nodded and said, “Well, let’s not talk about that. Elder Brother Hai, how about we look at the battle earlier, I want to see it clearly.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he had Cai’er replay the fight from earlier. Then they analyzed it bit by bit. But when it comes to battles, it seems like Megan and Lizzy were much better than him.</p>

  <p>After analyzing the battle, Zhao Hai and the others reckoned that he can still kill about 100 thousand more if there was good strategy involved.</p>

  <p>After looking at the battle, Zhao Hai relaxed. Then Zhao Hai looked at Megan and Lizzy and said, “Alright, you two are indeed good at these things. I think we can talk to General Luo Ying tomorrow and ask for permission to do an attack using our undead. At that time, I can have the two of you be the commander. We’ll take the battle to the Sea Dragons while finding out who their helpers were. What do you think?”</p>

  <p>Megan looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Elder Brother Hai, do you really want us to command the undead? What if we don’t do a good job?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Your worries are unnecessary. No commander starts off good. Moreover, how many undead do we have? And they’re quite strong as well. Don’t forget, the 500 thousand undead that we used earlier are all doing fine. When we go to the Space, I’ll have the two of you command a unit so that you can get familiar with them during battles. Later on, whether it be the Gods or the Demons, war would be inevitable. Me and Laura cannot take command, so we’ll be leaving that matter off to you two.”</p>

  <p>When Lizzy and Megan heard Zhao Hai, they immediately understood what he was trying to say. Zhao Hai making them command the undead was just a preparation for the war in the future. They also understood that the fight against the Gods and the Demons would be more difficult than this one. And at the same time, their side really needed good commanders in order to maximize their fighting potential.</p>

  <p>After thinking about this, Lizzy and Megan nodded and said ,”Alright, we’ll listen to Brother Hai. We’ll be the ones dealing with the Sea Dragons tomorrow.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai let out a long breath and said, “We need to make sure to take good care of ourselves. The most important thing is to prepare to receive the Gods and Demons. These two would be hard to deal with. When they appear in the continent, then we would have no other choice but to fight.”</p>

  <p>The others didn’t speak. The Gods and Demons were like two mountains that were weighing down on their shoulders, making it hard for them to breath. Just like Zhao Hai said, they needed to use all of their energy to prepare themselves in dealing with those two.</p>

  <p>They rested for the whole day, and on the next morning after having breakfast, Luo Luo arrived in front of the blade scale whale. Zhao Hai immediately invited her in. When Luo Luo entered the whale, she handed the dragon beads over to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, take these. The general had me give this to you. Later, you can place it on your body so that you don’t need to use magic in repelling the water.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai received the dragon beads and carefully looked at it, then he nodded and said, “Alright, I was just about to visit the General. I’ll go give my thanks when I see her. Let’s go.”</p>

  <p>Luo Luo nodded and then she asked, “What does mister want to ask the general?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It’s about the war. We had always been on the defensive side, we’re too passive. I want to take the fight to the Sea Dragons. I want to ask for the general’s approval so that I can go and attack them.”</p>

  <p>When she heard Zhao Hai, Luo Luo couldn’t help but gawk. She looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister wants to attack the Sea Dragons?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Right, I want to see how good those Sea Dragons are.” Then he came out of the blade scale whale and stepped on the back of a turtle before heading towards the azure dragon snail.</p>

  <p>Luo Luo looked surprised at Zhao Hai. She didn’t expect that Zhao Hai would want to attack. Yesterday, she heard that the general wanted them to hold the attacks off as long as they can while grinding the Sea Dragons bit by bit. But Zhao Hai’s request was in direct opposition to the general’s plan.</p>

  <p>While she was thinking about this, they had finally arrived at the snail’s hall. Seeing Zhao Hai come, Luo Ying immediately said, “Mister, I think the Sea Dragons wouldn’t attack today. You can use the time to take a good rest.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I came here today about this matter. I’m here to ask the general’s permission. I want to attack the Sea Dragons.”</p>

  <p>Luo Ying stared, then she knit her brows and said, “Mister, we can just wait for the Sea Dragons here. It’s too risky to attack them.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “General, you said that it was possible for the Sea Dragons to have received help from the Humans and Dragons. If this is really the case, then it wouldn’t be good for us to keep this defensive war. I want to use the undead in order to chip away some of the enemy’s strength. Moreover, I also want to see who their helpers are.”</p>

  <p>Luo Ying still refused, “Mister, if the Sea Dragons had help from the continent, then perhaps they would use a Light Mage to deal with you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai actually laughed and said, “General, you don’t need to worry. I’ve been at odds with the Radiant Church for a long time. If Light magic really did affect me, then I would’ve already died in their hands. Also, I would only be using my undead in this attack, so we wouldn’t have any casualties. If we wait for them to come to us, then we would certainly suffer some losses. I think it would be better for us if I were to take the initiative and bring the battle to them.”</p>

  <p>When Luo Ying heard Zhao Hai, she couldn’t help but think deeply. Mermaids treat the Fishmen like their own family. If they waited for the enemy to attack them, then it was inevitable that deaths would occur. And losing people from your own side doesn’t give anyone a good feeling. Because of this, Luo Ying began to be moved by Zhao Hai’s proposal.</p>

  <p>Luo Ying nodded and said, “Alright, then I won’t stop mister. However, Mister should do his best in order to protect your own safety. How about this, I’ll have Dashan and a group of warriors accompany you. What do you think?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “General, although Captain Dashan is formidable, they don’t know how to fight along with the undead. Even if they do come with me, they won’t be able to offer any help. The general doesn’t need to worry about me, after all, I don’t have any plans to die just yet. There’s no need to have someone protect me. In any case, I’ll always be in the back, commanding the undead. If things go sour, I can just retreat.”</p>

  <p>Luo Ying was unable to refute Zhao Hai’s statement, so she just nodded and said, “Then I can only ask mister to be careful. I’ll be waiting for mister’s good news. Right, if mister acquires some dragon beads, all of them shall belong to you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “The general has my utmost gratitude. Alright then, this Zhao Hai would be taking his leave.” Then he gave Luo Ying a salute before turning around to leave.</p>
</body>
</html>