<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1075: A Bag of Coins For A Secret</h3>

  <p>The man took the card from the robot before handing it over to Zhao Hai, then he said, “This is your ID card. For one year, you would only be able to live inside the Ascender Academy. But you can use this card both in and out of the academy. You will have your own separate room to store your items. This ID card also functions as a bank card. Do you know what a bank is?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Of course, we have banks in the Atlanta Plane. We also use our ID cards as bank cards back there.”</p>

  <p>The man nodded and said, “It seems like I need to know more about the Atlanta Plane. I didn’t expect your civilization to be advanced. This card has 10,000 machine coins. You can use this to buy things. Naturally, the dormitory and the canteen won’t cost any money. But there’s also a restaurant on the premises. If you want to eat good food, then you can go to the restaurant to eat. But you need to spend money if you want to do that. Although 10,000 isn’t a lot, it should be enough for you to live with for an entire year. You also need to pay attention to the tests every month. The content of these tests vary, and there’s also tests that relate to the military. If you pass these tests, you will gain money as reward. If you fail them, then your money will be deducted as punishment. Do you understand?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded. Not only did the Machine Field welcome the ascenders, they took great pains in order to construct this academy. They also made sure to have the ascender get used to spiritual qi. At the same time, the academy was built like a small city to make the ascenders familiar with the lifestyle of the Machine Field. And to top it all off, they even gave 10,000 machine coins. They were truly generous.</p>

  <p>The man looked at Zhao Hai’s expression and couldn’t help but ask, “Aren’t you shocked? I’ve seen ascenders before who reacted strongly to the one-year stay inside the academy. They said that we’re putting them under arrest.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Mister can rest assured, I’m very satisfied with this arrangement. Right, how can I know where I’ll be staying? Going to eat? Or where to head to class?”</p>

  <p>As soon as the man heard Zhao Hai, he immediately replied, “There’s no need to worry about that. After obtaining this card, you will also be given a Robot Butler. You can even take this robot with you after you leave the academy. If you need anything, you can just ask the butler to assist you.”</p>

  <p>After he said that, the door opened and a robot entered. This robot wasn’t as advanced as the Mage Robots from the ascender tower. This robot looked like a metal shell with a head and two eyes. While it walked over, one could hear the gears moving. One could see at first glance that it wasn’t a good product.</p>

  <p>The man looked at the robot and said, “This is you Robot Butler. If you don’t want this one, you can just go to the school’s store to buy another one. Robot Butlers are quite cheap, you can buy several of them using your 10,000 coins. You can also exchange your lower realm items in the shop in exchange for coins. And since your lower realm coins don’t circulate here, you can go to the school’s bank and have them exchanged. Rest assured, the exchange rate is very fair. At the very least, you won’t eat a huge loss. Alright, I’ve already accomplished what I need to do. If you have any questions, you can just tell them to this robot. Programmed into this robot are common questions that ascenders ask.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded before he gave a bow and said, “Thanks for the hard work. Right, from the beginning I failed to ask for your name. I’ve been disrespectful. Please accept this small gift.” Then Zhao Hai turned his hand to retrieve a small sack. This cloth bag wasn’t that big, but the thing inside felt quite heavy.</p>

  <p>The man was also a good judge of the items. After seeing Zhao Hai’s cloth sack, he knew that it was a bag of coins. To be honest, he didn’t expect Zhao Hai to give him a bag of coins.</p>

  <p>The man worked in this job for more than 20 years and had met quite a number of ascenders. These ascenders were too arrogant to give him gifts. When they saw him, they all treated him as though he were a servant. Although he took this job because he didn’t have the talent to progress, he still felt uncomfortable with being looked down upon. Zhao Hai was the first person in 20 years that gave him any gifts.</p>

  <p>The man actually didn’t take the coins and just bowed and said, “I thank Mister Zhao Hai. I’m called Gu Mingyue. Mister Zhao Hai, I’ve been a receptionist for more than 20 years, and this is the first time that someone has given me gifts. However, I simply cannot accept your generosity. You need these gold coins. This academy is built just like a small city. In order to get settled here, you would need money. You also need to save up some money for the future.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai laughed and said, “There’s no need for Mister to worry about me. I’m a Mage, I could easily study magic for a whole year without going out. I also don’t like to walk around, so I don’t need that much money. Please take it.” Then he took Gu Mingyue’s hand and placed the bag on it.</p>

  <p>Gu Mingyue looked at Zhao Hai and felt his heart move. He looked outside the room before turning to the Robot Butler, saying, “You go wait for us outside.” The Robot Butler didn’t move and just turned to Zhao Hai, obviously treating him as its master. It would only listen to Zhao Hai’s instructions.</p>

  <p>After seeing Gu Mingyue’s expression, Zhao Hai knew that the man had something to say. So he immediately turned to the robot and said, “You go outside and wait.” The robot immediately bowed towards Zhao Hai and said, “Yes, Master.” Then it proceeded to leave the room.</p>

  <p>Once the robot had left the room, Gu Mingyue immediately looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister Zhao Hai, you need to be alert if you intend to use this robot. It isn’t just a Robot Butler, it is also used to observe a person. If you use him, make sure to have him modified by a special robot shop inside the school and remove the surveillance device. There are a lot of robot shops inside the academy, but there are special ones that don’t care about the academy’s power and influence. If you also want to buy robots, buy them from those special stores, they can guarantee the quality of your robot.” Zhao Hai blinked upon hearing this. Then he said, “Alright, I will pay attention. Thank you for the warning Mister Gu. If you need anything from me in the future, then don’t hesitate to approach me. I’ll do what I can to help.”</p>

  <p>Gu Mingyue bowed and said, “Thank you, Mister Zhao Hai. I will take my leave first.” Then he turned around and left.</p>

  <p>After seeing Gu Mingyue being honest, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile. He understood that Gu Mingyue was a low-level character here in the Machine Field. And it would be close to impossible for him to advance further in life. Because of this, he could only be a receptionist here. Moreover, he did so for already 20 years.</p>

  <p>Because of their status in life, these low-level characters wouldn’t enter the eyes of most ascenders. But Zhao Hai knew that these kinds of people had their own methods and means in order to survive. If you make connections with them, then you would certainly gain unexpected benefits later on.</p>

  <p>Now that Zhao Hai arrived at a completely new place, his way forward was essentially dark. In this case, it wouldn’t be bad to have a few friends while keeping a low profile. If he were plunged into cunning plots and ruses, who would save his life?</p>

  <p>Take today’s matter for example, a bag of gold coins was nothing to Zhao Hai. But to Gu Mingyue, it might actually represent something, even changing his state in life. Most importantly, Gu Mingyue saw Zhao Hai’s respect in that bag of gold coins.</p>

  <p>And because of this, Gu Mingyue was able to tell Zhao Hai such a relevant information. Otherwise, Zhao Hai wouldn’t have known about the surveillance device inside the robot.</p>

  <p>This information was very important to Zhao Hai. His biggest secret was the Farm. If a heaven defying thing such as the Farm was made known to these people, then they would certainly use all kinds of means in order to take it from him.</p>

  <p>Gu Mingyue told Zhao Hai that the spiritual qi in the Machine Field was a hundred times more than the lower realms. With such a concentration of energy, the Machine Field certainly had much more powerful experts than the Underworld.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai also came to know that the laws of a plane had a direct relationship with the plane’s density of spiritual qi. Since the Ark Continent’s spiritual qi was inferior to the Divine Realm, it could only produce experts up to 9th rank. God-ranks would need to ascend not only because of the laws, but also because of the spiritual qi.</p>

  <p>If God-ranks stay in the Ark Continent for a long time, then they would absorb massive amounts of the Ark Continent’s spiritual qi. This would affect the continent’s development. Since the density of the spiritual qi was low, the Ark Continent’s laws wouldn’t permit the constant presence of God-ranks inside the plane.</p>

  <p>The laws and the density of spiritual qi were part of the universe. Naturally, they complement each other. The laws of the Ark Continent’s have been forcibly changed, and even if it was connected to the Divine Realm, it still couldn’t replenish the spiritual qi being lost. Because of this, the Ark Continent opened more spatial cracks in order to supplement its need of spiritual qi.</p>

  <p>Although the energy of the Underworld was dark energy, it was still a type of spiritual qi. Since the spiritual qi of the Underworld was superior than the Divine Realm, the strongest experts born there would naturally be stronger than the ones in the Divine Realm.</p>

  <p>And now, the spiritual qi of the Machine Realm was supposedly 100 times more than the Atlanta Plane. According to estimation, the strongest experts here should be at least 100 times stronger than the peak experts in the Atlanta Plane. Faced with such experts, even Zhao Hai was certain that he wouldn’t be able to make a struggle.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai recalled his arrogance back in the Underworld, where he could just flatten a city with ease. But now he was clear that he couldn’t afford such arrogance.</p>
</body>
</html>