<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 962: No Repulsion?</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai wanted to turn the page, but he discovered that the pages seem to be stuck. He immediately turned to look at the spirit and said, “….Compendium, why wouldn’t it turn?”</p>

  <p>The Compendium immediately answered, “Replying to the Young Master. This cultivation method is very special. With the Young Master’s current strength, you can only read the first part. If the Young Master wants to forcefully read the second part, then it’s possible that you would suffer a backlash on your body. This one suggests to refrain from reading the second part for now.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, then he nodded and said, “Alright. I’ll be fine with reading the first part.”</p>

  <p>After he said that, Zhao Hai went his room to look into the mysteries of the cultivation method. The more he pondered, the more he felt the endless uses of the method. At the same time, he also realized how complex it was.</p>

  <p>After some time, Zhao Hai began to practice. The contents of the first part were already understood by him. However, it was still very difficult to practice, the method was too complicated. The method was more complex than the other cultivation methods, and this was only the first part. Who knows how difficult the whole method would be.</p>

  <p>Originally, Zhao Hai felt that he was already very strong. But when he started cultivating using the method, he understood that his strength still fell short.</p>

  <p>The energy inside Zhao Hai’s body was originally azure-colored. But after using the cultivation method, Zhao Hai found that his energy had become bright silver. Moreover, his energy began to shine, just like starlight.</p>

  <p>Not only did Zhao Hai’s energy transform, it became compressed as well. If Zhao Hai’s previous energy was an azure colored mist, it now had become a silvery liquid. This caused his energy to be ten times compared to before.</p>

  <p>As Zhao Hai’s energy transformed, Zhao Hai discovered that the Plane’s repulsion had weakened. This caused Zhao Hai to be puzzled. He can confirm that he became ten times stronger, so why did the repulsion reduce?</p>

  <p>As Zhao Hai was thinking about this, the blood in his body began to boil. This startled Zhao Hai. Then he immediately went to look into the state of his body. His energy has been fully transformed.</p>

  <p>He didn’t know how long, but his transformation was completed. Moreover, the Myriad Stellar Transformation Yin-Yang Method’s first part had established a good route through Zhao Hai’s body. Zhao Hai let out a long breath before opening his eyes.</p>

  <p>Upon opening his eyes, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but gawk. This was because the room had gone dark. Zhao Hai turned his head to look out the window, but he discovered that it was closed.</p>

  <p>It was at this time that a surprised voice was heard, “Brother Hai, you’re awake.” Zhao Hai turned his head to see Berry.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, he looked confused at Berry as he said, “Berry, when did you come back? What about your people?”</p>

  <p>Berry smiled and said, “Brother Hai, I’ve been back for two days now. I’ve already arranged things for my clan, there’s no need for me to return this time.”</p>

  <p>When he heard Berry, Zhao Hai picked up some information, “You’ve been back for two days? Why didn’t I know about this? Also, how is the outside doing?”</p>

  <p>Berry chuckled before she hugged Zhao Hai, “Of course you wouldn’t know, you’ve been cultivating for three days. I don’t think there’s anything significant happening outside. It’s currently night, but the stars are very beautiful.” Zhao Hai nodded, he knew that this might be because of the Space’s recent upgrade. He didn’t think too much into it as he turned to Berry and said, “What’s wrong? Were you worried about me?”</p>

  <p>Berry nodded, “We’re quite worried. But we also knew that you wouldn’t have any problems. Sister Laura and the others already went to take a rest. Yesterday, Megan was the one who guarded you. Today’s my turn.” Zhao Hai nodded, “I’m fine, there’s nothing’s wrong. How is the Space?”</p>

  <p>Berry smiled and said, “It’s doing well. Cai’er already divided the accelerated region among the various backgrounds. The Processing Machine and the Scanner have also been upgraded. 50 ordinary backgrounds have been bought, but the low-grade Cultivation Backgrounds haven’t. We’re waiting for you to make a decision.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to look outside and said, “Let’s go, join me outside.”</p>

  <p>Berry nodded before going with Zhao Hai outside. After exiting, Zhao Hai breathed in. He discovered that after the Space’s upgrade, the environment had become much better compared to before.</p>

  <p>Then he looked at the sky and saw a falling star, it looked incomparably beautiful. Zhao Hai turned to Berry and smiled, “I didn’t think that my energy would be reduced by a lot after using the new cultivation method. However, the quality has greatly increased. Because of this, the plane isn’t repelling me. It seems like I can stay here for a while longer.”</p>

  <p>Berry became glad after hearing this, she quickly replied, “Really? That’s fantastic. Then we need to collect more things to upgrade the Space.” Zhao Hai smiled faintly, “Yes, we’ll collect more things for the Space. Right, how is the O’Neal family doing nowadays?”</p>

  <p>Berry smiled and said, “They’re doing quite well. Although their base haven’t been completed, their relocation is pretty much done. Sister Lizzy and Sister Megan began directing them to the Winged Pegasus Clan over the two days you were gone. Brother Hai, you’re very tolerant towards the Winged Pegasus. It’s about time to teach them a lesson.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai just smiled and said, “Now isn’t the time. If we made a move towards the Winged Pegasus Clan this early, then the Thunder Clan and the Barbarians might feel dissatisfied. Let’s use the O’Neal family to teach them a lesson.”</p>

  <p>Berry pouted as she said, “They’re not thinking well. If they were Demons, then the Great Demon King would’ve already sent an order to destroy them.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly. Zhao Hai didn’t know what to say to the Succubus. To the Demons, the weak should surrender to the strong, it was a natural process. If you don’t surrender, then you can just wait before you get destroyed. This was the rule of the Demon realm, but this rule wasn’t suitable to every other place.</p>

  <p>After seeing Zhao Hai staying silent, Berry said, “Brother Hai, at this point, more and more soldiers from the Devil Legion are &#160;equipping themselves with combat suits. Their fighting strength has been promoted by a lot. Before I came back here, I went to see his Majesty the Great Demon King. The Great Demon King told me that if you don’t let the Devil Legion fight, then they might as well go to the Hell Space to exercise.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai thought about this and said, “Going to the Hell Space wouldn’t have any use to them anymore. Go tell the Great Demon King tomorrow that I’ll have them participate in a fight. In any case, we will clash with the O’Neal family soon. Let’s have the Devil Legion come out and use them as exercise.”</p>

  <p>Berry nodded, “We have already prepared the combat suits for the foreign races. We can return them tomorrow. After that, what do we do?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai replied, “We’ll take the Leo Divines into the Space. Then we’ll have the O’Neal family deal with the Winged Pegasus Clan. Once we get the Winged Pegasus to the Space, we’ll direct the O’Neal family to the foreign races. I want to see which is stronger, the O’Neal family’s magic armors, or the foreign races’ combat suits. And if the foreign races are stronger, I want to see how the O’Neal family plans to deal with them. Meanwhile, we’ll use that time to sneak into the Atlanta Plane.”</p>

  <p>Berry’s eyes shone when she heard this. Then she said, “That’s great. I’ve been curious about the Atlanta Plane. I want to see how they go about their life.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and didn’t say anything. Him going to the Atlanta Plane was mainly because of the Ascension Magic Armor, so that he could ascend.</p>

  <p>The two spent a little while outside the villa before they went inside to rest. The next morning, when Laura and the others woke up and saw Zhao Hai, they became glad.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the group and smiled, “Alright, let’s eat. After the meal, you’ll go to the Space and study the Myriad Stellar Transformation Yin-Yang Art. This cultivation method is very good.”</p>

  <p>The women nodded. Then after eating the food that Meg made, the group entered the Space to study the cultivation method. However, Zhao Hai believed that they would take a much longer time compared to him.</p>

  <p>After Laura and the others entered the Space, Zhao Hai turned the Hell King’s ship’s appearance from the lotus to the one it had before. Then he proceeded to head towards the Libra Continent.</p>

  <p>When Solomon and the others saw Zhao Hai, they immediately went forward to greet him. After inviting them into the ship, Zhao Hai turned to look at the group and said, “Everybody, I’ve fixed the ultimate weapons, you can now take them back.”</p>

  <p>After Solomon and the others expressed their gratitude, Solomon said, “Does Mister have somewhere to go next? If not, then can we invite you to stay with us? We will definitely treat Mister well.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “You’re too polite. However, I have something else to do. I won’t be able to stay here for long. However, I have something I need your help with.”</p>

  <p>Solomon quickly replied, “Mister, please tell us. As long as it’s possible, we will certainly do it.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Before Elder Star and the others took their own lives, I accepted their condition. Because of this, I’d want to personally deal with the Leo Divines. What do you all think?”</p>

  <p>Solomon hesitated for a moment and said, “Will Mister deal with all of them? If Mister wants us to let them go, then it’ll be troblesome. We cannot just let go of our years of resentment.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Rest assured, from now on, the Divine Race would disappear from the Divine Realm. This place belongs to you now.”</p>

  <p>When Solomon heard Zhao Hai, he couldnt’ help but stare, then he said, “Mister, didn’t you make a promise to Elder Star and the others? If you don’t want to violate the oath, then you can just let us handle it.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai just smiled and said, “I will go there myself. I will let them survive, but not too many. I’ll give them a spark of survival, but they won’t be in the Divine Realm anymore.”</p>
</body>
</html>