<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1178: Let’s Go Drink</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai was calmly sitting on the arena’s stand. In the middle of the stadium was a huge platform. Its length and width exceeded 200 meters. It was made out of something that looked like bluestone. But actually, this bluestone was called bluesteel. It was a mineral that was very hard and heavy.</p>

  <p>Ordinarily, this stadium was used for sports events. Although a lot of people cultivate magic and battle qi here, there were still some people who devoted their lives into sports. However, these sports weren’t ordinary sports. The sport was either formations or some wrestling matches. In addition to Mage and Warrior-related sports, there were also some competition about Mechs. These Mech competitions were quite popular in the Machine Field.</p>

  <p>And since Mech matches happen here, the stadium needed to be very big. And this time, the realm qualifiers would be held here.</p>

  <p>As for seeded participants like Zhao Hai and the others, since they wouldn’t fight in the first rounds, they had been given seats by the committee. These seats would be reserved for them so that they could watch from the sidelines and then understand the strength of their opponents.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai sat on his chair with Xiong Li next to him. Xiong Li looked for Zhao Hai several times these past few days. But every time he went to the Ashley Family’s building, Zhao Hai was in closed-door cultivation. This was the first time the two had met since Zhao Hai went out of the Space.</p>

  <p>Seeing that Zhao Hai was staring at the platform, Xiong Li opened his mouth and said, “Brother, there’s nothing else to watch here. I can beat all of these people with one hand.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “That’s true. Hahaha. Brother, let’s head out a get a drink.”</p>

  <p>When he heard that Zhao Hai was asking him to drink, Xiong Li’s eyes shone as he said, “Good, good. Let’s have a drink. Right, wait for me here, I’ll introduce you to someone.” Zhao Hao nodded. Then Xiong Li left. Before long, Xiong Li came back alongside another person. Upon seeing the person Xiong Li brought along, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but gawk. He knew this person.</p>

  <p>It was one of the ten great experts, Fire Dragon Sword Dongfang Yu! The person famous for his fire dragon sword as well as his fire dragon technique. It was said that every time this person went out for a mission, the result was complete destruction of the surrounding area. It was even rumoured that the money he gained from the mission wasn’t enough to compensate for the damage he did.</p>

  <p>Upon seeing Dongfang Yu, Zhao Hai immediately gave his salute and said, “So it’s brother Dongfang. This one is Zhao Hai.”</p>

  <p>Dongang Yu was a slim person. He wore Warrior clothing that was longer than average. His face was also quite dark, perhaps because of his long exposure to fire.</p>

  <p>Dongfang Yu also returned Zhao Hai’s gesture as he laughed and said, “Hahaha, I’ve been hearing good things about Brother Zhao Hai from Brother Xiong Li. Brother Xiong Li rarely praised others. It seems like you’re also someone with real skill.” His voice was loud and clear. His straightforward manner of talking makes other people look favorably towards him.&#160;</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Brother Xiong Li is overly praising me. Let’s go and have a drink.” Then Zhao Hai led their group out of the stadium. Naturally, Zhao Hai’s group of three weren’t able to leave the area without being spotted. The other people looked at the three with gazes filled with envy, jealousy, and disdain. As for those participants who weren’t seeded, they couldn’t help but look at the three in envy.</p>

  <p>At this time, a voice was suddenly heard, “Mister Zhao Hai, please wait.” Zhao Hai turned his head and saw that it was unexpectedly Fire Saint Sun Fei. The two didn’t have any friendly relationship. They also were no longer hostile to each other. The Ashley Family didn’t seek revenge since Sun Fei now belonged to the Fire Temple. The Fire Temple was also depending on Sun Fei to help them regain their strength. If the Ashley Family decided to retaliate against Sun Fei, then the Fire Temple would interfere. And it wasn’t a good time to have a conflict in the Machine Field.</p>

  <p>Therefore, Cadjo told Zhao Hai that if he met Sun Fei, then he should spare his life unless it was under extreme circumstances. Not only Sun Fei, he was also told to spare the other 20 seeded participants. If he killed ordinary talents, then their families might let the matter go. But if a seeded participant dies, then it would be equivalent to breaking the benefits of their family. And naturally, the affected family would retaliate. However, if Zhao Hai was provoked, then he would certainly be impolite.&#160;</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t care much about this matter. Moreover, Sun Fei didn’t have a grudge against him, only the Ashley Family. In essence, this matter doesn’t have anything to do with him.</p>

  <p>Therefore, upon seeing Sun Fei, Zhao Hai said, “So it’s brother Sun. Does Brother need anything from me?”</p>

  <p>Sun Fei bowed towards Zhao Hai and said, “Mister Zhao Hai, I have offended you back in Yellowsand Planet. Please excuse me.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Sun Fei, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh as he said, “Brother Sun is too polite. At that time, you and I are under the command out our families. After all, we’re from the External Halls. What authority do we have to disobey orders? Brother Sun doesn’t need to apologize, it’s nothing.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Sun Fei gave Zhao Hai a bow. Meanwhile, Xiong Li and Dongfang Yu sighed deep inside. This was because Zhao Hai just said what was inside their hearts. They were outsiders to this realm and they could only obey the commands of their patron. They were treated like weapons by their families, weapons that can be discarded at any time.</p>

  <p>After Sun Fei gave a bow, he stood up. Then he looked at the three and said, “If you don’t have anything to do, then how about having this little brother treat you to a few drinks?”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Sun Fei, Xiong Li couldn’t help but laugh as he said, “Kid, Brother Zhao Hai just beat you. Since this is the case, then you might as well come with us to share a few drinks. Let’s go.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Xiong Li, everyone laughed before they walked out of the stadium. Seeing the four men, those who saw them couldn’t help but stare.</p>

  <p>People already knew about Zhao Hai and Xiong Li’s friendship. As for Zhao Hai and Sun Fei, they two didn’t have any form of friendship. When Sun Fei nominated Zhao Hai to be a seeded participant, Zhao Hai was still closing up at that time. It can be said that the two didn’t have any friendship up until now.&#160;</p>

  <p>And now, they were together to have a drink? This was the question on everyone’s mind.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and the others proceeded to leave the stadium’s area. Outside, a car was waiting for Zhao Hai. This was a car that Cadjo had given Zhao Hai to use.</p>

  <p>Once they got into the car, Zhao Hai turned to Xiong Li and said, “Brother Xiong, do you know of any place that has very good wine in the area? I have been closed up for a long time, I need something good to drink.”&#160;</p>

  <p>Xiong Li laughed and said, “Since you asked me, then let’s go to Delin’s Barbecue. You need to taste their barbecue and liquor.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, then let’s go with Brother Xiong’s suggestion. Take us to Delin’s Barbecue.” Zhao Hai didn’t tell the instruction to the car. Instead, this car actually had a driver. It was an assistant that was assigned to Zhao Hai in order to cater to his needs.</p>

  <p>The driver nodded and then drove the car towards Delin’s Barbecue. Dongfang Yu looked at the driver before he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “It seems like Brother Zhao is the most comfortable out of all of us. Not only do you have a car, you even have an assistant. I’m truly envious.”&#160;</p>

  <p>Dongfang Yu wasn’t wrong at all. One must know that most families would only treat their core members like this. Members from the External Hall wouldn’t be treated like this. Unless you lead a battalion, is a Camp Lord, an Elder of the Family, or a functioning core member, you won’t get the same treatment as Zao Hai.</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Dongfang Yu, Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I’m just borrowing this in the meantime. Right, is this the place?” Zhao Hai looked at the building outside the car. The small building was made entirely out of wood. It looked much like a cabin in the forest, but much larger at four stories high.</p>

  <p>Xiong Li nodded and said, “Right, we’re here. Their barbecue is roasted on top of high grade charcoal. It’s flavor is completely out of this world. It’s very delicious.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, let’s go have a taste.” Then the group got out of the car and then entered the building. Upon entering, they were immediately welcomed by someone. Much to Zhao Hai’s surprise, they weren’t served by a robot. Instead, it was a real person who met them. This made Zhao Hai even more curious about the owner of the establishment.</p>

  <p>It was clear that this wasn’t Xiong Li’s first time in this place, so when he saw the waiter, he immediately said, “Prepare a private room for us.” The man nodded before leading the group further into the building.</p>

  <p>The first and second floor of the building were public areas. The private rooms were placed on the third floor. These private rooms weren’t large. And since there were only four people in Zhao Hai’s group, they were settled inside a smaller private room.</p>

  <p>After entering their room and then ordering their food and liquor, Xiong Li turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Zhao, I heard that you’ve just ascended recently. Also, I heard that you’ve snagged a lady from the Ashley Family. And that you might become a core member of the family in the future. Are all of these true?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai Hai smiled and said, “It’s true, I’m currently in a relationship with the Ashley Family’s Miss Margaret. She’s Patriarch Thunder’s daughter. But since her relationship with her father wasn’t good, she doesn’t rely on the family for her income. Therefore, she became an instructor at the Ascender Academy. She used to be my instructor, but now she’s my girlfriend.”</p>

  <p>Xiong Li sighed and said, “You really move fast. Hahaha. But you are also talented. Who would expect you to reach level 4 in such a short time.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It’s nothing. I just have an innate talent for magic formations. Moreover, I already have strong spiritual force when I ascended. This is the reason why I improved so fast.”</p>

  <p>After Zhao Hai said that, a disturbance was suddenly heard outside. Zhao Hai and the others couldn’t help but stare. One must know that they were in Machine Field Planet. Who had courage big enough to cause a huge disturbance here?</p>
</body>
</html>