<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1012: Cultivation Realm’s Strength.</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai was currently sitting inside the bone carriage. He took a glass of wine, took a sip, then closed his eyes as he said, “Addison, are you wondering why I am so interested in that giant skull and small beast skeleton?”</p>

  <p>Addison was truly wondering. He didn’t know why Zhao Hai needed to set a cooperation with Yuri. That huge skull wasn’t anything rare in the Underworld. And although that small beast skeleton wasn’t common, is it necessary to place a price on it? Was an agreement really needed?</p>

  <p>Addison suppressed this thought for quite some time. Upon leaving Dry Bone City, Zhao Hai and Yuri had already signed a business contract, even if it was unnecessary in Addison’s view.</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Addison recovered from his thoughts. He looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, I don’t understand why you would need to do that. Although the Space can produce fiery souls and spirit stones, wasting it like this isn’t good.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai still had his eyes closed, then he gently waved his hand. Addison suddenly felt that another set of clothes has donned on his body. Addison was stunned, he looked down and found out that he was now wearing a piece of armor. This armor was bone-shaped but it was very light, it also felt like it wasn’t that hard. Addison found out that wearing it on his body felt very comfortable.</p>

  <p>Addison gawked, then he looked at Zhao Hai in confusion. He didn’t understand what Zhao Hai wanted to do. At this time, Zhao Hai waved his hand once more as a huge mirror appeared in front of Addison.</p>

  <p>Addison looked at the mirror. There was a place-faced man on the mirror wearing an uncommon bone armor. The armor covered the whole body and didn’t leave any place unprotected. Although his face can be seen, this was because the visor of the helmet was opened. Most importantly. Addison felt that the man on the image looked familiar.</p>

  <p>It didn’t take more than a minute for Addison to know why the figure was familiar. This was because the pale-faced man wearing the armor was him. The helmet that he was wearing seems to be a tiger skull with one sharp horn on top. It looked very much like the small beast skeleton that they acquired earlier on.</p>

  <p>Addison understood that the armor was made out of that small beast skeleton. While Addison was looking at the armor, Zhao Hai suddenly said, “Addison, go try it. See how the armor performs.”</p>

  <p>Addison complied with a nod, then he left the carriage and headed towards the Dark Mist. Zhao Hai didn’t worry and just continued drinking his red wine. After a while, explosions began to sound out in the Dark Mist. When the explosions stopped, Addsion appeared inside the carriage once more.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai opened his eyes and said, “So how was it?”</p>

  <p>Addison gently caressed the armor as though he was holding a lover. Upon hearing Zhao Hai’s question, Addison replied, “Young Master, this armor is fantastic, it’s very good. It was able to enhance my strength by 20%. At the same time, my defense and speed has also been increased by 20%.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai faintly smiled. He was very clear, to people that reached his level, increasing by a rank was extremely difficult, not to say about improving one’s strength. Because of this, Zhao Hai can understand Addison’s happiness.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “So do you know why I wanted to buy those skeletons? Remember, if you discover one of these things, buy them at any cost.”</p>

  <p>Addison immediately said, “Yes, Young Master. I know what to do.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai waved his hand. Addison’s armor disappeared and was replaced by a pendant. The pendant was made out of thin bone chain and a pendant modelled after the small beast skeleton that was bought by Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>This pendant was hanging on Addison’s neck. Zhao Hai looked at Addison and said, “Addison, I shall bestow this armor to you. If you want to use the armor, just send a trace of energy to it.”</p>

  <p>Addison was impatient to try it, so he sent a trace of energy to the pendant. After doing that, the full body armor was equipped on his body once more. Addison made another thought and the armor vanished into a pendant.</p>

  <p>Addison tried it several times more, he was moved as he thanked Zhao Hai, “Young Master, thank you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Alright, there’s no need to be too polite. Your strength has been improved, isn’t that good for me as well? If you encounter something in the future, then I wouldn’t have to make a move that much. Right, which direction is the Lich?”</p>

  <p>When he heard Zhao Hai, Addison immediately swept the place around him with his spiritual force. Then he commanded the undead to fly towards a direction.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t care about which direction they were headed. He turned to Addison and said, “If we go at this speed, how long do you think we’ll take to reach that Lich?”</p>

  <p>Addison turned his head back to Zhao Hai and said, “We should arrive in about two days. But the place we’re going to is the place where that Lich is located before. I’m not sure if he is still there at this time. I haven’t seen him in a while.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “It doesn’t matter, we will slowly look for him, I always find things I want to find. Alright, let’s take a rest.” Addison nodded, then he lowered his head and fiddled with the pendant. It seems like he can’t get tired just looking at it.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t care about Addison’s actions as his figure flashed and returned to the Space. He just received a lot of plants today, so he wanted to have a good look at them.</p>

  <p>Although the huge bones were good things for Zhao Hai, he can’t use them right now. Because of this, Zhao Hai didn’t bother with them for now. For him, those plants were more important.</p>

  <p>Most importantly, after discussing with Cai’er, the bone armor was ready to be planted. The bone armor could enhance the strength of the Undead. And right now, Zhao Hai’s main fighting force were the Undead creatures. If the Undead’s power could be improved, then it would definitely be good news for Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>However, the black soil available for Zhao Hai was very limited. Even if all of the black soil were used to plant the bone armors, who knows how many they could grow in one year.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai wanted to enter the Space in order to discuss this matter in detail. However, after entering the room Zhao Hai couldn’t help but gawk. This was because Laura and the others were looking at the huge bones.</p>

  <p>After scanning Yuri’s warehouse, Zhao Hai was able to get some parts of the huge skull. However, it was still incomplete in the end, so Zhao Hai just left them on the side. But Zhao Hai didn’t expect Laura and the others to play with it.</p>

  <p>Although Laura and the others weren’t disgusted by the Undead and had even used it often, this was the first time for them to examine one this closely.</p>

  <p>When Laura saw Zhao Hai arrive, she immediately said, “Brother Hai, come here quick. This skeleton is quite special, it’s even harder than the Space’s undead. It’s amazing.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare upon hearing this, then he quickly went towards the big skeleton. The skeleton was naturally incomplete, other than the skull and ribs, the other parts were absent.</p>

  <p>Back when Zhao Hai acquired these bones, they were all stained with dirt. They didn’t look anything special. Only the huge skull caught Zhao Hai’s attention.</p>

  <p>But now the skeleton looked different. When it has been cleaned up, the bones were very white. It wasn’t an ordinary pale white but inside it was like jade as it exuded a faint white light, it looked like a work of art.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai went towards the skeleton and took a careful look at it. He discovered that there was a scratch on a portion of the rib. Although this scratch wasn’t very big, it can be seen that the position of this scratch was at the place where the heart should be.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the other ribs and discovered that they were complete and without any blemishes. Zhao Hai’s gaze couldn’t help but shrink. Then his staff turned into a sword as he slashed the skeleton.</p>

  <p>After a clanging sound, the sword got deflected, leaving no mark on the skeleton. Zhao Hai, as well as the others, were surprised, this result was far from their expectation.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was especially startled, he used 60% of his strength yet the skeleton remained undamaged. This was an evidence to how formidable this skeleton was.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai tried using 80% of his strength and was finally able to see a result. Zhao Hai waved his hand, receiving the skeleton as they went back inside the living room.</p>

  <p>After having sat down, Zhao Hai said, “These skeletons shouldn’t be the only ones in the Underworld. We saw a scratch on the skeleton, and that wasn’t a simple scratch, it was something that was left behind by a sharp blade. The owners of the skeleton should have been killed while they were alive. We don’t know for how long the skeleton have existed, but despite such a long time, they remained hard. Who knows how strong they were when they were still alive, yet they were still killed. This means that there is a more powerful existence than them. It seems like this isn’t a simple matter.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Laura and the others stared, their expressions changed. But Laura quickly said, “Brother Hia, don’t worry too much about it. Just as you said, we don’t know how long this skeleton existed. Since we aren’t sure if they still exist now, there’s no need to think about it at this time.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai sighed and said, “Naturally I wasn’t worried in the Underworld. In this plane, the strongest beings should be on Addison’s level. However, I suspect that these skeletons didn’t come from the Underworld. If these skeletons are from the Cultivation World, then we might have to readjust how we see the Cultivators.”</p>
</body>
</html>