<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1025: Gibbon Brothers and the Five Element Skeletons</h3>

  <p>When these teachers heard Zhai Hai, they couldn’t help but gawk. Then they shook their heads as one of them said, “Thanks Mister, these things are enough.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t think that it would be this simple. He looked at those present and said, “Everyone, if you have any requests, just raise it. I will certainly satisfy your needs.”</p>

  <p>At this time, the Dwarf laughed, “Mister, you’re caring too much. All we wanted was a place to study. As for other things, we aren’t very concerned about them. Rest assured, as long as you supply us with materials for experiments, other things wouldn’t be a problem.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing the Dwarf, Zhao Hai smiled, “Everybody can rest assured. You will certainly have something to use in this Academy. There won’t be any shortages. Alright, you can go to your classes, I won’t be holding you here for long.”</p>

  <p>The instructors stood up and left after giving Zhao Hai a salute. After the instructors left, Gimreden and Kamapal followed slowly behind. They also have a teaching status in the Academy. Therefore, they needed to go to their classes as well. They gave Zhao Hai a salute before leaving.</p>

  <p>After everyone else had left, Zhao Hai turned his head to Addison and the others and said, “What do you think? Later on, there would be more students coming into the Undead Academy. I know that the Academy’s opening is a significant matter to the Undead, therefore I decided to call you here this time in order to witness the event.”</p>

  <p>Addison, Guli, and Jiang Zheng stood up, then Addsion looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, thank you for this opportunity. Like you said, this is a significant matter to the Undead Race. Even if my fiery soul gets extinguished, I will never forget this event.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Alright, there’s no need to be overly serious. I’ve been aware of how you’re managing our matters in the Underworld. You’ve done well. I reckon the Resistance Army has already lost their vigilance towards you. It seems like we can make our move soon.”</p>

  <p>Addison smiled when he heard Zhao Hai, then he replied, “I’ve been waiting for this day. Young Master, when do we move?”&#160;</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Very soon. Tell me about the general situation of the Resistance Army first. How many opponents do we need to deal with? How many cities does the Resistance Army have? We also need to find which Experts are stationed in which city. Once we know about that, then we can act.”</p>

  <p>Addison nodded, he understood what Zhao Hai wanted so he immediately replied, “Right now, the Resistance Army has a total of 121 cities. 21 cities are under my control. The remaining 100 are divided between seven other Great Experts. These seven Experts are the Gibbon Brothers and the Five Element Skeletons.” After he said this, Addison stopped and then looked at Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Continue.”</p>

  <p>Addison nodded, “The Gibbon Brothers are two Lich. However, they are different from the other Lich. Ordinary Lich would generally use magic to attack the enemy. However, the Gibbon Brothers actually prefer close-combat assassinations.”</p>

  <p>When he heard Addison, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but frown as he said, “Can the Lich really do successful close-combat assassinations? Tell me more.”</p>

  <p>Addison nodded, “I don’t know where the brothers got their weapons, but their weapons are invisible. Mysteriously, these two brothers are Lich, and Lich cannot make physical attacks. Nobody alive has ever seen the weapons of the brothers. Those who have seen it are all dead. Their method of combat was hiding in the Dark Mist, approaching their target slowly. Then when they are about five to ten meters away, they would control their weapon and go for the kill. Even people in my level of strength would be seriously injured if not killed. Because of this, the Gibbon Brothers are considered to be rare Experts in the Resistance Army. They control 30 cities between the two of them.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he waved his hand. Addison continued on, “The Five Element Skeletons are five Skeleton Kings. The strongest one is the Metal-element Skeleton. Nobody knows his name, but he is called Metal Skeleton by everybody. We don’t know why, but he can control metal. Naturally, there isn’t much metal in the Underworld. However, who knows how he did it, but he had a lot of metals. He would attach a lot of metals to his body and during combat, he would command these metals to attack the enemy. He’s quite difficult to deal with.”</p>

  <p>After he talked up to this point, Addison turned to Guli and said, “Guli has fought with Metal Skeleton before and had eaten a loss. Guli, tell us about that.”</p>

  <p>Guli nodded, then he said, “Right, Metal Skeleton’s strength is very formidable. He uses his energy to attack alongside his metals. Not only could these metals attack, they could also defend and change forms.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, Guli continued the introduction in place of Addison, “The second strongest would be the Earth-element Skeleton. This Skeleton is very strong and his defense is the greatest among the five. His attacks are extremely heavy. Average people couldn’t break his defense. His life weapons are huge hammers, his attacks are near unstoppable.”</p>

  <p>Guli went on, “The third is the Fire-element Skeleton. He controls yin fire. However, his control is much better compared to other mages. He’s also very difficult to deal with.”</p>

  <p>“The fourth is the Water-element Skeleton. It can control water, but not just ordinary water, he controls the blood from the Blood Ponds. The blood inside Blood Ponds already has massive amounts of&#160; energy inside them, this made his water attacks unblockable by average people.”</p>

  <p>“The fifth is the Wood-element Skeleton. This one is very special. As the Young Master saw in the past, plants are very hard to come by in the Underworld. Nobody knows where he found it, but the Wood-element Skeleton found a huge tree. This big tree didn’t need land to grow on. As long as you give it blood from the Blood Ponds, then it would be able to grow anywhere. This big tree is very tall at a height of 100 meters and a width of 40 meters. The tree’s body is entirely blood red, no leaf can be seen growing on top of it, only a hard trunk and several branches. When fighting, the Wood-element Skeleton would command the tree to attack and defend. Actually, he isn’t the weakest of the five. Besides Metal Skeleton and the Earth Skeleton, the other three are fairly equal in level.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “So that’s why they’re called the Five Element Skeletons. Interesting. If we take them to the Space, we would certainly experience a growth in power. As for the Gibbon Brothers, I want to have their weapons in my hands.”</p>

  <p>Addison looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, where should we make a move first?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Let’s not be anxious. Come look at the map and mark which group owns which city. This is important for our future actions. Once we know which city they are in, then it would be easier to clean them up.”</p>

  <p>After he said that, Zhao Hai waved his hand as a three-dimensional holographic map appeared. Naturally, this was just a projection, not an image of the real Underworld.</p>

  <p>Addison looked at the projection and verified its accuracy from his memory. Then one by one, he pointed out which people controlled which city. In the hand of the seven Experts were 100 cities. Of the Gibbon Brothers’ 30 cities, five of them were bordering Addison. As for the Five Element Skeletons, the closest to Addison’s Domain were the Wood Skeleton and the Water Skeleton. Each one of them controlled ten cities each.</p>

  <p>Actually, Addison originally controlled ten cities. The other 11 cities were from people like Guli and Jiang Zheng’s, experts who didn’t belong to any of the other two factions. Because of this, after conquering these cities, Addison managed to establish his own territory.</p>

  <p>After waiting for Addison to mark the territories, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but nod. It can be said that their position wasn’t very advantageous. Addison’s territory was the closest one to the Blood River. If the Dark Temple manages to break through the river, then the first to be attacked would be Addison’s domain.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the territories belonging to the Wood Skeleton and the Water Skeleton, then he turned his head to Addison and said, “We’ll start with these two first. After dealing with the Wood Skeleton and the Water Skeleton, we’ll deal with the other three. Then after that, we attack the Gibbon Brothers. What do you think?”</p>

  <p>Addison nodded and said, “I don’t have any problems with that. I reckon we should deal with the Wood Skeleton first. No matter where, that fellow’s tree is eye-catching. As long as we find that tree, then we can find him and clean him up. Then we can concentrate on dealing with Water Skeleton. As long as we take care of the two of them, the others wouldn’t be a threat.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Good, then we’ll do that. You return to the Underworld first. After determining the position of Wood Skeleton, we will start to deal with him.”</p>

  <p>Addison nodded. Then Zhao Hai waved his hand, sending Addison and the others back to the Underworld. After that, he led Laura and the others back to the villa before scanning the cities controlled by Wood Skeleton. He was looking for the skeleton’s trail.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai first looked at what Addison called Blood Tree City. This city was named after Wood Skeleton’s tree, and it was also Wood Skeleton’s main base. But unfortunately, Zhao Hai didn’t see the skeleton there. However, he managed to find the huge tree at another city. At the same time, Zhao Hai was met by an unexpected surprise!!</p>
</body>
</html>