<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 697: Bustling About</h3>

  <p>The Queen shook her head and said, “Things aren’t as easy as that. Although the Elven Forest is indeed our Domain, but our population isn’t really that many. On the other hand, it is for certain that the Demons will come in huge numbers. Even if we can slow them down, we would also become grinded down by numbers. There is no problem with us working with the Humans. Also, if we stay here, and the Humans aren’t able to stop the Demons, do you think that we can stop them? That’s impossible.” The Great Elder nodded, she knew that the Queen was right. Compared to the Humans, their population was indeed to small. The Elves and the Demons have the same long life, but the Elves have the problem of procreation. This made their numbers quite small. If they were to have a battle of attrition with the Demons, then they would definitely lose.</p>

  <p>The Queen turned to the Great Elder and said, “Moreover, Mister Zhao Hai already gave us his guarantee, there shouldn’t be any problems if we dispatch our troops. This is also a huge opportunity for all the races in the continent. If the Ark Continent can work together to resist the Demons and the Divine Race, as well as defending the Ark Continent, then the races would have an unprecedented unity for a very long time. Because of this, we cannot just hole up inside the Elven Forest.” The Great Elder nodded, the Elves weren’t people who didn’t have any problem.s Although they had been living good lives inside the forest, the Great Elder knew that there were still things that they lacked. Before they got in contact with the Dwarves, they were in fact living worse lives.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai wasn’t thinking about any of these right now, he was going see the Beast King. The Beast King had also been preparing for the past few days. At this time, the entire Beastman Prairie was already aware about the Demon Race. But since they were too far from the frontlines, the only thing they can provide would be living materials as well as preparing some area for the eventual Human refugees. Aside from that, there wasn’t anything that they can do.</p>

  <p>The Beast King wasn’t very busy when Zhao Hai arrived, therefore, he immediately invited Zhao Hai over to this study. The Beast King looked at Zhao Hai and said, “How is it? How is the frontline?” Zhao Hai smiled at the Beast King and said, “The frontline is doing fine. This time, I came here in order to ask for some troops from the Beastmen.” The Beast King stared for a moment, then he said, “Really? That’s great! The Warring Clans have been itching for a fight. But unfortunately, we are just too far away from the Buddha Empire. So when will I send the troops?”</p>

  <p>When he saw the Beast King’s excitement, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile and said, “There’s no need to go quickly. I only came here to ask you for troops. At this time, it would be great if you can prepare some people to help defend Demon City. And then….” Zhao Hai continued on to tell the Beast King about the plans regarding the Buddha Empire.</p>

  <p>After listening to Zhao Hai, the Beast King repeatedly nodded and said, “Alright, that’s great. I’ll arrange for the troops right away. You said you needed an army to defend Demon City? I already have a race in mind. They’re quite fond of Humans and are quite gentle. However, they are extremely strong, and are one of the few infantry focused races in the Prairie. Although they have mounts as well, their speed really aren’t that good. Defending cities shouldn’t be a problem for them.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “That’s good. Then I’ll be returning to Demon City. When your army have gathered, go send me word and I’ll take them with me to Buddha Empire and Demon City.”</p>

  <p>The Beast King nodded and said, “Alright, then just wait for information. The Beastmen had always wanted to try the strengths of those Demons. Thank you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai laughed and said, “Alright, then I’ll be leaving. There are still things that are needed to be processed in the frontline.” The Beast King nodded, then Zhao Hai returned to the Space.</p>

  <p>However, he didn’t immediately go back to Demon City. Instead, he went to the Aksu Empire in order to see Boris. Although the army of the Aksu Empire has been restored, their veteran fighters were eliminated during the war with the Beastmen. This placed the Aksu Empire’s strength at the bottom of all the Empires. However, the Aksu Empire was still very cooperative now that the Demons were invading. They were providing goods to the others and was even willing to take in Buddha Empire refugees. Because of this, Zhao Hai felt the need to see Boris and discuss the new plan with him.</p>

  <p>Boris and Zhao Hai were mortal enemies in the past, but now, the sentiment was different. They were now allies, moreover, the two haven’t met in person in the past, so there wasn’t any awkwardness between the two of them.</p>

  <p>Boris welcomed Zhao Hai to his study, then after his people served them some tea, Boris looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Did Mister come because an accident happened in the frontline?” Zhao Hao was a bit startled, however, he managed to smile and said, “There’s no need to worry, the frontline is doing just fine. This time, I came to discuss a different matter.” Then he told Boris about what happened to the front line, then Zhao Hai looked at Boris and said, “Your Majesty, I know about the current state of the Aksu Empire. Therefore, I won’t be asking you to dispatch some troops. However, as the war in the frontline goes on, I may need to ask for assistance, so please prepare your troops just in case. If you need anything, then don’t hesitate to send word.” Boris nodded, “Alright, you can rest assured that the Aksu Empire will give full cooperation. My Aksu Empire might have made the wrong decision in the past, however, we won’t be repeating our mistakes this time.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gave a nod, then he said, “Alright, then my matters here has been settled. I’ll be heading to the Rosen Empire next to discuss matters with the Rosen Emperor.” Borise stood up and then bowed towards Zhao Hai, “Boris must thank Mister Zhao Hai. You and I are enemies, yet you decided to ignore that fact and help us. This makes me feel very guilty. Mister can rest assured, the Aksu Empire shall give its all in supporting this war.” Zhao Hai returned Boris’ bow and said, “Your Majesty is too polite. Yours and my enmity is no more than a dispute between Humans. This time, we must unite in order to repel the invaders. In the end, the Aksu Empire has already sided with the Ark Continent Alliance. I hope that Your Majesty takes care of the rear while also providing help to the frontline.”</p>

  <p>Boris replied, “Mister can rest assured, I know how to do this.” Zhao Hai nodded and then bowed to Boris once more before turning around to head towards Rosen Empire.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai wanted to transfer some Rosen and Lyon Empire troops to the Buddha Empire. The Buddha Empire was known for their Iron Knights, the Rosen Empire for their Iron Infantry, while the Lyon Empire for their magic beast cavalry. The Rosen Empire troops are very skilled in defending cities, on the other hand, the Lyon Cavalry was quite skilled in the plains. These two qualities were very needed by the Buddha Empire right now.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t return to the Rosen Empire for quite some time. Although he was now the Emperor of the Lyon Empire, Zhao Hai didn’t really want to be one right now. So in seeing the Rosen Emperor, he still conducted himself as a son-in-law. This gave the Emperor a good impression of him.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai arrive to the Imperial Palace, the Emperor was already holding a conference. Naturally, this was a discussion about the Demon Race.</p>

  <p>While they discussed, a court eunuch suddenly arrived and reported Zhao Hai’s arrival. The Emperor and Randolph were startled, they were thinking that something must’ve happened in the front line. The Emperor immediately said, “Invite him in, quickly.”</p>

  <p>After Zhao Hao entered the room, he immediately gave salute to the Emperor and Randolph. The Emperor looked at Zhao Hai and said, “What’s the matter Little Hai? Did an accident happen in Demon City? With your strength, it should be impossible for the Demons to break through this quickly. So what happened?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai immediately replied, “Father-in-law, there aren’t any problems with the frontline. As long as we have hold over Accra Mountain, there won’t be any major problems in our defense. I have just visited the various powers, and even Boris to discuss something. This time, I came to see father-in-law to discuss the same thing. I’d like for the Rosen Empire to send troops over to the Buddha Empire in order to aid with the defense.”</p>

  <p>The Emperor nodded and said, “This isn’t an issue. I’ve also thought about establishing an advance defensive line. We can’t just be overly passive. At the same time, the Buddha Empire is known for its Iron Knights, they can only express their full might in the plains. On the other hand the Rosen Empire troops are very skilled in siege warfare. We’re already prepared here, just tell us how much troops you need and we’ll provide it to you.” Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Alright, then I’ll make sure to send a number as soon as possible. I really can’t stay here for long, I still have a lot of matters to deal with.”</p>

  <p>The Emperor nodded, “You are my son-in-law, so I will definitely support you. You go busy yourself now. There’s no need to worry about our side. Focus on teaching those bastard Demons a lesson they won’t ever forget.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Father-in-law can rest assured, we’ll be doing just that.”</p>

  <p>The Emperor gave a satisfied nod and said, “Right how are Lizzy and Megan? You’ve been everywhere lately, how are they doing? Since they can’t provide help, then they might as well come home lest they provide you with unnecessary trouble.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “Father-in-law, that’s not a good idea. They really aren’t giving me any trouble, instead, they are actually very helpful. At this point, the formations for my undead have already been handed to the two of them. Their talent in commanding is very good.”</p>

  <p>The Emperor and Randolph couldn’t help but stare, the Emperor looked puzzled at Zhao Hai as he said, “You have Megan and Lizzy take charge of your undead? Am I hearing it right?” Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I won’t dare to deceive you, I’m telling the truth. Megan and Lizzy have already been commanding my undead for quite some time. Especially back in the Fishman territory, they were a great help in defeating the Sea Dragons. In the war with the Demons, I’m also thinking of having the two of them command my undead. If they are to go home, then that would be a huge problem for me.”</p>

  <p>The Emperor laughed and said, “Alright, that’s good. I didn’t think that those two girls had such a skill. Alright, then we’ll have them continue to accompany you. However, you must ensure that they are safe at all times.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai quickly replied, “Father-in-law can feel relieved. I will certainly keep them safe.”</p>
</body>
</html>