<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1136: Not Too Difficult</h3>

  <p>No accidents happened in the challenge tournament. With Zhao Hai’s overwhelming strength, he was able to become the last person up on the stage.</p>

  <p>The challenge tournament allowed the Ashley Family’s External Hall Camps to see Zhao Hai’s strength. Without using any weapons nor supporting items, he was able to win against nine challengers. This was a first time for the Ashley Family’s qualifiers.</p>

  <p>Right after the tournament was the awarding ceremony, held on the life and death stage. Thunder personally gave the prize to Zhao Hai. Actually, the prize was just a formality. Zhao Hai already had Liquid Silver, so he really didn’t need anything. However, it can be seen the Margaret had some influence on Thunder. Therefore, Thunder decided to give something to Zhao Hai. And the prize was also somewhat special. The first part of the prize was a sizeable bonus. While the second part wasn’t actually an item. Instead, it was a chip that recorded the Ashley Family’s secret formation sets.</p>

  <p>This reward was proposed by Desbarres. And Thunder didn’t have any problem with it. In Thunder’s mind, Zhao Hai was already set to be a person of the Ashley Family. Zhao Hai was a member of the Bone Symbol Camp. At the same time, he had his relationship with Margaret.</p>

  <p>Besides these two things, there was another reason for Thunder to give Zhao Hai the family’s formation sets. Since he was given the family’s formation sets, Zhao Hai could no longer think about leaving the Ashley Family. If he did, whether it be for Liquid Silver or the formation sets, Thunder would use the Ashley Family’s entire strength to destroy him.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai also understood Thunder’s message. Therefore, he wasn’t too polite and happily accepted the chip. And thus, the Ashley Family’s qualifiers was done.</p>

  <p>As soon as the ceremony ended, instead of returning to the Bone Symbol Camp to celebrate with Tao Wang and Tie Sheng, Zhao Hai went with Desbarres to see Thunder.</p>

  <p>Thunder received Zhao Hai inside his study. After Zhao Hai and Desbarres entered the room, they quickly gave Thunder a salute. Thunder nodded, then he waved his hand and said, “Sit.” Desbarres allowed Zhao Hai to sit. Thunder stood there and sized Zhao Hai up. After some time, he opened his mouth and said, “I heard that you’ve been very close with Margaret?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare. He didn’t expect Thunder to be this direct. But he still nodded and said, “I am. Miss Margaret is my Instructor, and our relationship is very good.”</p>

  <p>Thunder raised his brows and asked, “Just your instructor?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “Not just an instructor. I’ve come to care about Miss Margaret, she’s a precious friend.”&#160;</p>

  <p>Thunder’s eyes sparkled for a moment and asked, “So just a friend?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hao smiled bitterly and said, “She’s just a friend now. But as for later on, who knows.”&#160;</p>

  <p>Thunder looked at Zhao Hai’s expression and couldn’t help but laugh, “Good. Kid, I didn’t expect you to say that. Hahaha. Good.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t make any noise. Desbarres turned to Thunder and said, “Young Master” Thunder looked at Zhao Hai and said, “I’ll allow you to be close with Margaret. However, I have a request.”</p>

  <p>As he said that, Thunder’s gaze went cold, then he continued, “You got your hands on Grandmaster Leng Wuyeng’s ultimate weapon. And at the same time, you have the secret formation sets that the family collected for many years. You should understand that you’re now one with the Ashley Family. If you dared to betray the Ashley Family, then I will do what I can to take your life!”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, but he didn’t say anything. Thunder continued, “Recently, our Ashley Family hasn’t been getting good results in the Six Realm Beginner Competition’s realm qualifiers. I want to leave this matter for you to solve. From the 100 people that will qualify for the realm, I want you to place in the top 10.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knit his brows. Seeing Zhao Hai frown, Desbarres’s heart couldn’t help but thump. He knew that Thunder didn’t want people to disappoint him. If Zhao Hai couldn’t achieve this, then Thunder would certainly be furious.</p>

  <p>When he saw Zhao Hai knit his brows, Thunder couldn’t help but feel his anger rising. But at this time, Zhao Hai opened his mouth and said, “Top ten in the qualifiers? That’s easy, I will take top then in the Six Realm Beginner Competition!”</p>

  <p>Thunder and Desbarres were stunned. They didn’t expect Zhao Hai to have such huge ambitions. Desbarres quickly said, “Little Hai, you know how powerful the guys from the other realms are, right? Are you that confident in Liquid Silver?”</p>

  <p>With Liquid Silver, Zhao Hai could now use 100 thousand-layer formations at will. However, what Zhao Hai told Desbarres and the others was that he could use 10 thousand-layer formations. One must know that this ability was at the top of the Machine Field.</p>

  <p>However, Desbarres understood that even if Zhao Hai could use a 10 thousand-layer formation, fighting people from the Cultivation Realm would still be hard.</p>

  <p>The people from the Cultivation Realm also regarded the beginner competition as a very important matter. They would deliberately train new ascenders just for the competition. They would select the participants the moment they ascend. Then they would train and provide them with countless pills, techniques, and resources. All of this just so that they could achieve a good result in the beginner competition. With this setup, Desbarres believed that Zhao Hai would still be defeated no matter how many layers his Magic Theory formations had.</p>

  <p>After he heard Desbarres, Zhao Hai shook his head, then he replied, “Even if I can’t cast that many layers of formations, I am still confident. I will try my best to win. I also want to see how Magic Theory fares against the other realms.”&#160;</p>

  <p>Thunder looked at Zhao Hai, then he laughed and said, “Good, that’s what I want to hear. My request for you is the same. As long as you get top ten in the realm qualifiers, I won’t put myself between you and Margaret. And if you can really place top ten in the beginner competition, then not only the Ashley Family, the entire Machine Field would give you a huge gift.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hao nodded, then Thunder said, “Also, the realm qualifiers isn’t a joke. There are more than ten million participants. If you don’t take care, then you would certainly suffer a loss.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded. Thunder waved his hand and said, “Alright, you can go back.” Zhao Hai and Desbarres stood up and left after they gave Thunder a salute.</p>

  <p>Once Zhao Hai and Desbarres were inside the car, Desbarres turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, you’re too reckless. If you don’t reach the top ten in the beginner competition, then what would I do? You need to watch your promises next time.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knew that Desbarres had good intentions, so he didn’t refute his words. However, he was already settled on his decision. When the two arrived at the Bone Symbol Camp, they discovered that everyone was in a festive mood.</p>

  <p>Everyone was so happy that one might think that it was themselves who won first place. Desbarres and Zhao Hai couldn’t help but chuckle. However, Desbarres’s smile was bittersweet.</p>

  <p>Desbarres had done too much for the Bone Symbol Camp. But even so, the Camp was still doing badly in the past few years. Being suppressed by other people made him really uncomfortable.</p>

  <p>Now, with Zhao Hai here, the Bone Symbol Camp was starting to go above other camps. This caused everyone in the came to feel both proud and elated.</p>

  <p>Seeing that Zhao Hai and Desbarres had come back, everyone in the Bone Symbol Camp cheered and welcomed them. Zhao Hai could not hear anyone. With too many people present, everyone sounded like they were mumbling.</p>

  <p>Desbarres smiled upon seeing everyone. Then he loudly said, “Alright, everyone go to the dining hall. We’re drinking until we pass out!” Everyone cheered. The Warriors came over and lifted Zhao Hai and Desbarres before carrying them towards the dining hall.</p>

  <p>Tao Wang and Tie Sheng were already inside the dining hall. Moreover, the food had been prepared.</p>

  <p>Besides Tao Wang and Tie Sheng, Margaret was also inside the dining hall. Naturally, the reason Margaret was here was Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>When he saw Margaret, Desbarres smiled faintly and then turned to Zhao Hai, he said, “Little Hai, go accompany Miss Margaret. Tao Wang, Tie Sheng, you’re with me.” Then the three proceeded to leave the area.</p>

  <p>Margaret was somewhat embarrassed. But she still sat on the table with Zhao Hai. When everyone saw Zhao Hai and Margaret together, they didn’t dare barge in.</p>

  <p>After sitting down, Margaret turned her head to Zhao hai and said, “Did that person meet you?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knew that Margaret was talking about Patriarch Thunder. He nodded and said, “Yes, the Patriarch asked to meet me.”</p>

  <p>Margaret turned anxious, she asked, “What did you talk about?”</p>

  <p>When he saw Margaret’s tense expression, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile as he gave his answer, “Not really that much. But the Patriarch gave me a task. He wants me to get top ten in the realm qualifiers.”</p>

  <p>When Margaret heard Zhao Hai, she couldn’t help but relax. But she was still unconvinced, “Only that?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Right, it’s only that. But he said that if I get top ten in the qualifier, he wouldn’t go in between us two.” Zhao Hai’s words made Margaret stare. Then her face turned red as she lowered her head and asked, “Did he really say that?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai chuckled, “He did, you can ask the Camp Lord.” Margaret just nodded and didn’t make any noise. Zhao Hai looked at Margaret, then he smiled bitterly and said, “Margaret, I need to be honest with you. I have wives that I love in the lower realms. If you like me, then you need to prepare sharing me with them.” Margaret nodded and said, “I understand.” Her voice was very low, but it was firm.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but bitterly smile. He knew that Margaret was certainly thinking that Laura and the others were left behind in the lower realms. She might be thinking that he meant sharing spiritually. She wouldn’t expect that Zhao Hai actually brought Laura and the others with him!</p>
</body>
</html>