<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 880: Don’t Worry</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai coldly smiled and said, “They’ll find out for sure. But they won’t be able to immediately, maybe tomorrow or the day after that. After all, they don’t have things like messenger fishes for communication. Let’s return to the Ark Continent for now. If the Divines come looking for their fleet, then we can use that opportunity to deal with their base.”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled faintly and said, “I know you’ll say that. But I think we should tell Bingya about our plan. The vassal soldiers in the Taurus Continent have no idea that the rebellion has already started. If we deal with the base, then they might be used as cannon fodder by the Divines.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy gave a nod and said, “Brother Hai, we aren’t friendly with the other vassal races. If we became enemies with them, then our future actions would be met with more troubles. It would be best if Bingya were to contact these vassal races before we proceed to attack the base. In any case, we aren’t in much of a hurry. Even if we robbed the Divines of their grain and ships, it’ll be fine as long as we don’t let them know. While the Divines are looking for their ship, Bingya and the others can contact those vassal soldiers, what do you think?” Zhao Hai thought about it for a moment before he nodded. He understood that this wasn’t a war that can be finished in a short time. And if he wanted to detain the Ultimate Weapons, he would need to work very hard. Today, he was only able to slay the Scorpio Supreme Elder because the elder had been looking down on him, at the same time, it was also because of the recent upgrades made to the Hell King’s ship. From this point on, detaining the Supreme Elders wouldn’t be easy. If the Supreme Elders wanted to flee with all their might, then there was only little that Zhao Hai could do.</p>

  <p>Now that the Divines had eaten a defeat, they will definitely strengthen their defenses. The next batch of grain might be delivered by two elders. Although Zhao Hai was confident in dealing with two elders, it wasn’t easy to catch them if they decided to escape.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai cannot ignore the Supreme Elders. It would be impossible for this war to end if they were kept free.</p>

  <p>Most importantly, Zhao Hai thought of something. The Divine Realm had 13 continents, 12 of which were named after the 12 constellations, the last one was not. If the Ultimate Weapons went according to the 12 constellations, then what would the 13th ultimate weapon be? Zhao Hai frowned upon thinking about this. But in the end, he shook his head and stopped thinking about it, he would find out later on.</p>

  <p>Lizzy saw Zhao Hai nod, then frown and then shake his head. She became confused, so she asked, “Brother Hai, what’s the problem? Did I say something wrong?” Zhao Hai looked at Lizzy and smield, “You didn’t say anything wrong. I was just thinking of too many things. Let’s go see Bingya and tell them to contact the vassal races.” Then he stood up and went outside.</p>

  <p>Bingya and the others were currently outside. They were there since the fight, they still haven’t returned to their room.</p>

  <p>The fight was just too big of a blow to their minds. A Divine Race Supreme Elder was just killed off by Zhao Hai, it was completely out of their expectation.</p>

  <p>Moreover, they didn’t have the capacity to help in the battle, it made them feel uncomfortable. In their minds, they were just garbage in front of Zhao Hai’s might. Knowing that you were useless would leave one with a bitter taste in their mouths.</p>

  <p>However, they had no choice but to recognize Zhao Hai’s prowess. In the battle between Zhao Hai and the Divines, they didn’t even need to move. Although they were strong figures back in their clans, they were nothing compared to Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>But even if they were given a duty, it wasn’t in battle. This made them quite depressed.</p>

  <p>Ryder looked at Bingya’s face and said, “Old Bingya, are you waiting for Mister Zhao Hai’s command? Aren’t you just waiting for nothing?” Bingya forced a smile and said, “At the very least we don’t have much to do right now. And with our strength, do you think we could participate in Mister’s Battles? Aren’t we just courting death?” Yehta smiled as well. She couldn’t help but recall how she had been arrogant in front of Zhao Hai. This thought made her embarrassed. Perhaps at that time Zhao Hai was looking at them as though they were idiots.</p>

  <p>Ryder looked at their expressions and smiled. Bingya and Yehta looked at him in confusion. They didn’t know why he was smiling.</p>

  <p>Ryder smiled faintly and said, “I just want to say that following Mister had really expanded our horizons. In the past, would we believe it if people told us that Supreme Elders could be killed?” When Bingya and Yehta heard this, they couldn’t help but laugh. Right, before, if they were told that a Supreme Elder could be defeated or killed, then they would definitely regard it as a joke. But now, with how much they had seen, they would definitely believe it.</p>

  <p>As the group chatted, Zhao Hai suddenly opened the door and headed outside. After seeing him, the three immediately stood up and gave Zhao Hai a salute. Zhao Hai waved his hand and looked at the three people before saying, “What were you talking about?”</p>

  <p>Bingya smiled and said, “Just chatting about normal matters. Didn’t mister need to take a rest?” Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “It was useless. Right, Bingya, I just want to ask. When can you tell the vassal soldiers in the Taurus Continent that their people had already started the rebellion?” Bingya thought for a moment before he replied, “That wouldn’t be easy. At this point, the Divines had monitored the vassal races very closely. Contacting them wouldn’t be very easy. I guess it should take about half a month.” Zhao Hai knit his brows, he didn’t say anything for a while before he nodded and said, “Try to do it as soon as possible. Don’t wait for the Divines to be the ones to tell them. The sooner we contact them, the sooner we could conquer the base. In turn, the fewer losses there would be to the vassal races.”</p>

  <p>Bingya replied with a serious voice, “Mister, rest assured, we will certainly make best use of the time.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Talk to your people as well, tell them to refrain from being too anxious to move. Take it slowly and wait for a while before attacking.” Bingya nodded and said, “Alright, we will certainly relay Mister’s words properly.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned his head towards the Taurus Continent and said, “Since this battle started, I couldn’t count how many lives had been lost. Perhaps this is a destiny of someone from a lower realm. For those in the upper realms, we’re but ants that are struggling for survival. Only they don’t know that we ants have feelings as well.”</p>

  <p>Bingya and the others didn’t understand what Zhao Hai was talking about. As they were looking at Zhao Hai in confusion, Zhao Hai looked at them and smiled bitterly, “The actions made by the Divines all this time has been orchestrated by a person. Add a little bit of ambition, and we have today’s current state. If we defeat the Divines, then that person would have to change the way he operates. In the end, nothing would matter. Right, I should stop talking. No matter what this person is planning to do, I still need to defeat the Divine Race. This way, maybe I’ll get to meet the person controlling all of these.” Bingya and the others stayed silent, they still couldn’t understand Zhao Hai’s words. Zhao Hai looked at the three of them and said, “After we arrive at the Taurus Continent, you shall disembark and arrange ways to meet the vassal soldiers. I can give you some spatial equipment with food inside. We need them to be healthy in both body and mind so that they can help in dealing with the Divines. Now that we have plundered the Divine Race’s supplies, the Divines would surely deduct more from their food. It wouldn’t be good for us if they are starving.”</p>

  <p>Bingya and the others weren’t fools, so they immediately understood what Zhao Hai was saying, so the three nodded. The Divines certainly knew about the rebellion that was currently happening, but the vassal soldiers were still kept in the dark. Because of this, the Divine Race’s method of starving them had gone successfully.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the three of them before turning his hand over, taking out spatial equipments. These spatial equipment were the ones taken from the Divine Race fleet. Inside each of them were provisions for the army. Zhao Hai gave these items to Bingya and the others and said, “In here are grains taken from the Divine Race fleet. Give these to the soldiers and make sure that the Divines don’t find out. If the Divines knew about it, then we would have to prematurely begin our attack.”</p>

  <p>The three nodded. At this time, the Hell King’s ship had already arrived on the Taurus Continent. Zhao Hai turned his head to the three and said, “You can go down. After the matter gets settled, look for me in a safe place. I’ll be waiting for you there.”</p>

  <p>Bingya and the others nodded before they jumped down from the ship and dived towards the Divine Race fortress. After the three figures had vanished, Zhao Hai returned to his room.</p>

  <p>After going inside, Zhao Hai immediately called Cai’er, “Cai’er, what happened? Why did you call me?” Cai’er did indeed call Zhao Hai, however, Bingya and the others couldn’t hear it. Cai’er nodded and said, “Young Master, the O’Neal family has started to investigate and they are heading towards the Aksu Empire. It’s possible that they would meet the undead soon.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, then he immediately became curious. He turned his head to Cai’er and said, “Oh, good good. Let’s take a look. I want to see the O’Neal family’s response once they meet the undead.” Then he sat on the sofa as Cai’er opened the monitor.</p>
</body>
</html>