<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1182: Circulating Rumor</h3>

  <p>Laura and the others were earnestly listening. Zhao Hai looked at them and then said, “At this time, you should already have some understanding about Magic Theory. Magic Theory is very formidable and special. Once you reach a very high level, 10 thousand layer formations could allow you to fight battleships. If you continue to get stronger, then there’s no reason for you to be any weaker than Cultivators. At high levels, Magic Theory might even win. As for mid and early stages, it’s possible to compete at an equal standing. But as you can see, Mages and Warriors are being suppressed. They have no way to fight back at all. Isn’t this wrong?”</p>

  <p>Bang! Margaret pounded on the table. Then with clenched teeth, she said, “Shameless, those shameless people!”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared at Margaret, he didn’t expect here reaction to be this big. Zhao Hai looked at Margaret in confusion and then said, “Margaret, why are you so agitated? You’re a Machine Field native?”</p>

  <p>Margaret breathed in twice to calm down, then she turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, my mother is also an Ascender. Moreover, I have worked in the Ascender Academy for many years. I saw the hope in the eyes of each Ascender as they venture out to the Machine Field. For them to suffer such a fate is very hateful. Those behind this matter are bastards.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Alright, we can’t do anything about it for now. If we get an opportunity later, I’ll try to fix this matter. But now, I’m completely helpless.”</p>

  <p>Margaret smiled and said, “I don’t expect you to do anything now. I’m just angry. The Machine Field has been suppressed by the Cultivation Realm for many years because our low-middle level experts couldn’t compare to the Cultivators. But as it turns out, the Machine Field has been suppressing itself.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said, “Alright, thinking about this right now is just useless. Instead, let’s prepare. The Six Realm Beginner Competition would give us the opportunity to come in contact with the other five realms.”</p>

  <p>Margaret nodded. At this time, Laura said, “Brother Hai, do you think we would be recognized by Lu Wei because of this?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “So what if we get recognized? I’m no longer afraid of him. Lu Wei and the Yin Wind Ghost Emperor are no longer threats. What we need to worry&#160; about is the Myriad Treasure Pavillion. Compared to the two, the Pavillion is more dangerous. It’s fortunate that the pavillion doesn’t know what we look like. Until they find us, nothing should happen to us.”</p>

  <p>Laura and the others nodded. They agreed to Zhao Hai’s words. At this point, Lu Wei and the Yin Wind Ghost Emperor are no longer Zhao Hai’s enemies. What Zhao Hai needed to worry about right now was the Myriad Treasures Pavillion.</p>

  <p>Time passed by and soon the qualifiers were about to reach its final rounds. At this point, the original 100 thousand participants had been whittled down to 1 thousand.</p>

  <p>And this was also the time where the 20 seeded participants would enter the competition. 19 of these participants had no issues to them whatsoever, the only exception was Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>There were people who suspected Zhao Hai’s strength. The core of this rumor was the fact that nobody saw Zhao Hai make a move. Although Xiong Li and Sun Fei were giving Zhao Hai’s praises, the matter with Zhao Hai, Xiong Li, Dongfang Yu, and Sun Fei drinking together nullified their recommendations. Because of this, people began to think that Xiong Li and Sun Fei were recommending Zhao Hai just because they were friends.</p>

  <p>During the time when Xiong Li said his nomination, the voice of this rumor was very small. But this time, for some apparent reason, the voices were getting louder.</p>

  <p>Naturally, Zhao Hai knew that the Machine Field Army was behind this. Even if it was Ma Fenglei who slapped their faces, the army couldn’t do anything about his due to the Fire Temple. However, they could move against Zhao Hai. In the eyes of the Machine Field Army, Zhao Hai was nothing more than an Ascender of the Ashley Family. Even if it were the Ashley Family’s core members, the Army would still dare to kill them. Therefore, what could the Ashley Family do?</p>

  <p>These questions about Zhao Hai’s abilities were just the beginning. It seems like the Machine Field Army was not yet ready to give up. Upon thinking about this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but sneer, he thought, ‘Alright, Machine Field Army, let’s play.’</p>

  <p>The battles between these top 1000 were still decided by electronic drawing of lots. The Machine Field prepared ten arenas for this event so that ten battles could happen at the same time. The Six Realm Beginner Competition is fast approaching, there’s no need to waste time.</p>

  <p>Of the first 20 people drawn, Zhao Hai and Xiong Li weren’t among them. On the other hand, Dongfang Yu and Sun Fei went on to fight their matches. Zhao Hai and Xiong Li didn’t bother looking at the fights, their opponents weren’t strong, there was nothing to see.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai sat beside Xiong Li in their assigned seats. All those around them were looking in their direction, most of the looks were heading towards Zhao Hai. And these gazes were filled with suspicion.</p>

  <p>Upon seeing these people, Xiong Li said, “These bastards. They actually suspect your strength. Little Hai, when your time comes, don’t hold back. Kill your enemy in one shot.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Don’t worry, I’ve already prepared a list. As long as I run into those in my list, I wouldn’t let them off.”</p>

  <p>Xiong Li asked, “List? What list?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “You’ll know when the time comes. Right, Brother Dongfang fights quickly. He should be back soon.” When Zhao Hai told Xiong Li this, Dongfang appeared.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai saw Dongfang Yu, he shouted, “Brother Dongfang, aren’t you too quick? Did you surrender?”</p>

  <p>Dongfang Yu sneered and said, “Get lost. When will your dog mouth spout good words? When my enemy saw that he was against me, he immediately surrendered.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai laughed and said, “Alright. Come take a seat. Since you won, today’s your treat.”</p>

  <p>Dongfang Yu laughed and said, “Only you is this cheap to take advantage of this. Alright, let’s wait for Little Fei to return. Oh, he’s back. Little Fei, you’re quite fast.”</p>

  <p>Sun Fei smiled and said, “I’m just lucky to meet a level 3. That fellow is very lucky. He actually reached the top 1000 while being level 3.”</p>

  <p>As he said this, an announcement was heard, “Xiong Li, prepare for the next battle in Arena 5.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai turned his head to Xiong Li and said, “Brother Xiong, it’s your turn.” Xiong Li laughed as he stood up and left. Seeing Xiong Li leaving, Donfang Yu turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, how long do you think Big Brother Xiong would take?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and the others already knew about each other’s ages. Xiong Li was the oldest, followed by Dongfang Yu, then Zhao Hai, then Sun Fei. This is the reason why Dongfang Yu called Xiong Li ‘Big Brother’.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Rest assured, Big Brother Xiong wouldn’t take long. Brother Xiong is fierce when he goes to battle. As long as he is in battle, there’s no need to worry about him. It’s his enemy who needs to be afraid of being destroyed.”</p>

  <p>Sun Fei nodded, “Right, there’s no need to worry about him. On the other hand, we need to talk about Brother Hai. There are many bad rumors circulating around nowadays. I’m afraid people would try to deal with you. Be careful.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I’m actually hoping that people would disturb me. It just so happens that my Undead Army needed powerful experts. I’ll just use them to add to these numbers.”&#160;</p>

  <p>Sun Fei smiled faintly and said, “Right, how strong is your Undead Army? I’d like to see them one day.”&#160;</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Forget it, you don’t want to see them. Those who see my Undead army would become one of my Undead. Do you still want to see?”</p>

  <p>Sun Fei smiled bitterly and then shook his head as he said, “Alright, just forget it. I haven’t lived long enough. Big Brother Xiong is back, it seems like his opponent surrendered as well.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai chuckled and said, “Right, if he fought somebody, he would look very happy. But look at him now, he looks dejected. He definitely haven’t fought someone.”</p>

  <p>Dongfang Yu laughed and said, “Big Brother Xiong, why the long face? Did you lose?”</p>

  <p>Xiong Li stared, then he said, “Get lost. When did this grandfather lose? The coward surrendered the moment I began to power up. It was boring. I thought I could have a good exercise. But in the end, I wasted time.”</p>

  <p>As soon as they heard Xiong Li, Zhao Hai and the others laughed. At this time, another announcement was heard, “Zhao Hai, prepare to fight in Arena 3.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stretched his body and then said, “Finally, it’s my turn. Let’s see who I’m up against. If it’s from the Machine Field Army, then that fellow is truly unfortunate.” Then Zhao Hai stood up and then left.</p>

  <p>Seeing Zhao Hai leave, Xiong Li looked at Dong Fangyu and said, “Dongfang, what were&#160; you talking about with Little Hai just now? Did the Machine Field Army offend him?”</p>

  <p>Dongfang Yu’s eyes flashed lightly and said, “Big Brother Xiong, don’t you think that the recent rumors about Little Hai appeared too sudden? Back when you said your nomination, not a lot of people doubted Little Hai’s strength. But now of all times, these rumors became louder and louder. Isn’t it strange?”</p>

  <p>When Xiong Li and Sun Fei heard this, they stared for a moment before they understood. Then they turned to Dongfang Yu and said, “Are you talking about the Machine Field Army?”&#160;</p>

  <p>Dongfang Yu nodded, “Right, the Machine Field Army. Little Hai offended the Machine Field Army before. I heard that even if Ma Fenglei was the one who slapped the army’s face, the Army couldn’t do anything to him. Because of this, they could only deal with Little Hai. I reckon they are the one who spread these rumors. Moreover, this could only be their first step. They should have something else planned.”</p>

  <p>Xiong Li’s expression changed. Then he said, “Then isn’t this a problem? What do we do if they deal with Zhao Hai?”&#160;</p>

  <p>Dongfang Yu shook his head and said, “Relax, if they want to take action, they wouldn’t be able to do it outside. Otherwise, the Machine Field would turn into chaos. They can only deal with Little Hai in the arena. However, those idiots in the Machine Field army underestimated Little Hai’s strength. Wanting to kill him on the area? Hahaha. Even if they sent in Streep, they still wouldn’t be able to do it.”</p>

  <p>Xiong Li’s expression loosened up, but he still coldly snorted and said, “If the Machine Field Army decided to do this, then as long as I meet anyone from the army, I will kill them immediately.”&#160;</p>

  <p>Dongfang Yu smiled faintly and said, “I’m afraid they wouldn’t give us that opportunity. Except the five seeded participants from the army, all other participants would just surrender immediately.”</p>

  <p>Xiong Li’s face turned ugly, then he sneered and said, “But we would still meet sooner or later. As long as the Six Realm Beginner Competition ends, I can just go after them.”</p>

  <p>Dongfang Yu smiled bitterly and said, “Let’s think about how to survive the Six Realm Beginner Competition first. This time, the other realms also had genius-level characters. We have no advantage over them at all. In this case, it would be difficult even for us to survive.”</p>

  <p>Xiong Li coldly snorted and said, “Hmph. At worst, I can just go all out and kill as many people as possible before I die.”</p>

  <p>At this time, somebody shouted, “Zhao Hai is fighting someone. Everyone, let’s go take a look.” Then after that, a surge of people began going towards Zhao Hai’s arena.</p>

  <p>Upon seeing this, Xiong Li couldn’t help but stare. Then the three of them shook their heads as they bitterly smiled. Xiong Li muttered, “Which idiot believes such rumors? If it’s possible, let’s figure out which people spread it. Alright, let’s take a look at Little Hai’s opponent. If it’s from the Machine Field Army, then Dongfang might be able to save himself from treating everyone to a meal.”</p>

  <p>Dongfang Yu laughed and said, “Alright, although I really don’t care about saving money, I’d like to be treated by Little Hai.” Then the three laughed before walking towards Arena 3.</p>

  <p>Upon arriving at Arena 3, the three stared. This was because there was a sea of people present. Compared to their own matches, Zhao Hai’s had much more attention.</p>

  <p>The three looked at the stage and saw two people on it. One of them was Zhao Hai while the other was a Warrior. The Warrior was very tall at about two meters high. His skin was completely covered with iron. He also had a bald head. His weapon was quite special as well. On one hand, he has a huge tower shield while the other hand held a thick broadsword!</p>

  <p>Upon seeing this, Xiong Li couldn’t help but gawk. Then he forced a smile as he said, “Damn, it’s really someone from the Machine Field Army. Isn’t that the famous Iron Tower? He’s very famous for being hard to deal with. He almost got into the 20 seeded participants. But because of mine and Sun Fei’s recommendation, the spot went to Little Hai. I didn’t expect Zhao Hai’s first opponent to be him. Isn’t this too suspicious?”</p>

  <p>Dongfang Yu frowned and said, “Suspicious, it is very suspicious. Is it possible that this is arranged by the Machine Field Army? Who would have thought that Zhao Hai’s first opponent to be someone who is qualified to be on the top 20?”</p>
</body>
</html>