<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1197: The Covenant of Three Swords</h3>

  <p>Since he had thought of all of these consequences, Ba Dong decided to have Li Chuchen take action. This explains why he was here.&#160;</p>

  <p>Although Cadjo wasn’t aware of the thoughts going on inside Ba Dong’s mind, he knew clearly why Ba Dong was here. He was here for Zhao Hai. Because of this, Cadjo had to lower his head in order to shift Li Chuchen’s focus away from Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>At this time, the guests of the party also noticed the conversation between Cadjo and the guests from the Water Temple. All of them looked at Ba Dong with despise. However, it seems Ba Dong didn’t even notice their gazes.</p>

  <p>To Ba Dong, this was a path to no return. He didn’t ask Li Chuchen to deal with Zhao Hai. Instead, he took a shot against Zhao Hai’s achievement. Now, even if he stopped Li Chuchen from challenging Zhao Hai, Li Chuchen wouldn’t listen to him.</p>

  <p>Cadjo’s plan was good. However, Li Chuchen wasn’t easily deceived. Although Cadjo adopted a low position, this didn’t remove Li Chuchen’s intention to challenge Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Lu Chuchen snorted and said, “I heard that this Zhao Hai is quite arrogant. I even heard that he’s looking down on Cultivators. I always wanted to compete with the experts of the Machine Field. Since I’m here, I might as well teach him that the world is much more profound than he thinks.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Li Chuchen, everyone’s vision changed from Ba Dong to Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Those who came here weren’t fools. All of them knew that Li Chuchen’s presence here was certainly incited by someone. And there was no need to ask as to who this person was, since it was clearly Ba Dong. Ba Dong was from the Water Temple and Zhao Hai just snatched the qualifer’s first place from Streep who was also from the temple.</p>

  <p>Everyone felt that Ba Dong’s behaviour was shameless. It was clear that he wanted to kill Zhao Hai. Ba Dong was shameless enough to collude with people outside of Machine Field in order to kill someone from the same realm. However, they had to admit that this plot was quite venomous.</p>

  <p>Nobody would reject a challenge in the Machine Field. If you declined, then you would be losing face for the Machine Field and showing weakness to the other realms. Nobody in the Machine Field would want to associate with you anymore. Moreover, all of your benefits would be cancelled and your qualifications for the Six Realm Beginner Competition would be withdrawn.</p>

  <p>Because of this, despite everyone looking at Cadjo with despise, people were looking at Zhao Hai in pity. However, there were even more people who looked at Zhao Hai with looks of schadenfreude. It was as if they were looking at someone who was already dead.</p>

  <p>As soon as Cadjo heard Li Chuchen, his body slightly shook then his face paled. He knew that he could no longer change the situation.</p>

  <p>Not only Cadjo, besides Zhao Hai and Margaret, the faces of Desbarres, Luke, as well as Xiong Li and the others paled in an instant. They all had the same idea as Cadjo, that Zhao Hai was finished.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai naturally knew what was going on, so he took Margaret and went to Cadjo. Then he looked at Li Chuchen as he smiled and said, “Is it Young Hero Li? Hehe. This Zhao Hai is very honored to be able to meet you.”</p>

  <p>Li Chuchen looked at Zhao Hai, then he coldly snorted and said, “You’re that arrogant one?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I haven’t said anything like that. It seems like Young Hero Li has misunderstood. I had always been impressed by the power of the Cultivation Realm. And how can I be so stupid to say such a thing? Young Hero Li is smart, you should be able to differentiate between right and wrong. And since this is the case, Young Hero Li should already be careful against villains who use you as a tool for their malicious plans.”</p>

  <p>As soon as Li Chuchen heard Zhao Hai, he immediately understood what he meant. He turned to look at Ba Dong and coldly snorted. However, he turned back to Zhao Hai and said, “You’re not worthy of lecturing me. If you don’t want to fight, then just tell it to me straight. This Li Chuchen wouldn’t want to dirty his sword with the blood of a coward.”</p>

  <p>When he heard Zhao Hai’s appropriate response, Cadjo couldn’t help but feel hope. However, Li Chuchen’s response quickly extinguished this hope. Cadjo’s face suddenly sank. He didn’t expect Li Chuchen to be this overbearing. Even in such circumstances, he still insisted on going after Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>At the same time, Zhao Hai didn’t expect Li Chuchen to be this unreasonable. His eyes narrowed slightly, then he smiled and said, “Since Young Hero Li wants to do it, then there’s no reason for this Zhao Hai to disagree. Young Hero Li, please decide on a time and a place.”&#160;</p>

  <p>Lu Chuchen coldly snorted and said, “There’s no need to decide on a time and place if it’s a lesson. We’ll do it now. As long as you can take three of my swords and survive, then I will let you go and wait for you in the Six Realm Beginner Competition. But if you die to my swords, then you’re just getting what you deserve.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Li Chuchen’s face, then he smiled and said, “Since that is the case, then allow me to receive the power of the skyfrost sword.”</p>

  <p>Li Chuchen coldly snorted, then he waved his hand. A shortsword appeared. It wasn’t very long at only about one meter in length. Both the blade and the handle were white. At the hilt of the sword was a sword knot. It was a sword knot that was similarly white.</p>

  <p>The moment this sword appeared, the temperature of the surrounding area immediately dropped. And after some time, the air became icy cold. Li Chuchen confidently smiled as he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Are you ready?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the people around them and then he said, “Young Hero Li, there are too many people here. If you and I fight in this place, then innocent people would be affected. How about we find another place?”&#160;</p>

  <p>Li Chuchen was also aware that the people in the party were distinguished and famous people of the Machine Field. It wouldn’t be good if he injured one of them. So he coldly snorted and said, “Alright, let’s go.” Then he flew up and headed towards a forest nearby.</p>

  <p>Machine Field Planet had always been a large planet that was scarcely populated. Therefore, it’s ecological situation was very good. Despite its huge cities, each building was actually at a distance from each other. Some were even separated by several li. Therefore, there were quite a few forests nearby.</p>

  <p>This forest wasn’t far away from the Ashley Family’s building. Actually, this forest was purposefully planted by the Ashley Family. It was composed of Incense Trees. The seeds of these trees were known to emit bursts of pleasant scent. This scent wasn’t strong but it can calm someone’s mind. It also had an effect of repelling insects.</p>

  <p>The construction cost of this forest wasn’t cheap. However, nobody cared about it right now as Li Chuchen and Zhao Hai flew inside it. Those among the visitors who had the ability to fly took to the skies. As for those who were unable to fly, they got into their vehicles and then hovered at a distance away from the forest.</p>

  <p>Xiong Li and the others had ugly faces as they approached the forest. Margaret also went with them. Xiong Li and the others looked at Margaret and discovered that she didn’t seem to be worried at all. This caused them to feel strange. Isn’t Margaret too confident in Zhao Hai?</p>

  <p>Li Kuangren couldn’t help but ask Margaret, “Sister-in-law, aren’t you worried about Little Hai? His opponent is a Cultivator from the Cultivation Realm.”</p>

  <p>Margaret looked at Li Kuangren, then she smiled and said, “Third Brother, rest assured, Brother Hai will be fine. Have confidence in his abilities. Even if he faced a native from the Cultivation Realm, he still wouldn’t fall.”</p>

  <p>Right after Margaret said that a cold snort was suddenly heard at the side. Margaret turned her head to see Ba Dong. Margaret’s eyes couldn’t help but narrow as she quickly ignored him and proceeded forward.</p>

  <p>This narrowing of the eyes was Zhao Hai’s habit. He does this whenever he was dissatisfied with something. Margaret seems to have obtained it from him.</p>

  <p>Li Kuangren and the others also heard Ba Dong’s cold snort. They all glared at the Water Temple Bishop, but Ba Dong seems to be unable to notice them.</p>

  <p>Xiong Li and the others didn’t do anything in retaliation. Even the impulsive Li Kuangren didn’t berate Ba Dong. This was because despite his plots, Ba Dong was still a Bishop of the Water Temple. However, they already took an oath that no matter what the outcome of Zhao Hai’s battle was, they would definitely take revenge against the Water Temple.</p>

  <p>Xiong Li and the others haven’t known Zhao Hai for a long time, but most of them were temperamental people. It can be said that it was fate for these brothers to meet. Fate was truly wonderful at times. Although they hadn’t been friends for long, it was like they had been brothers for their entire lives.</p>

  <p>For Xiong Li and the others, Zhao Hai was their brother. And now, their brother has been placed in a bad situation. They couldn’t get angry because their strength was still not enough. Because of this, they can only endure.</p>

  <p>At this time, Zhao Hai and Li Chuchen had arrived at a spot inside the Incense Tree Forest. They didn’t step on the ground but instead hovered above. The two were separated by a hundred meters.</p>

  <p>Li Chuchen looked at the spectators before he tauntingly smiled at Zhao Hai and said, “It looks like your achievements hasn’t been well regarded.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai just smiled and said, “I only think about what I can deal with. Young Hero Li, please begin.”</p>

  <p>Li Chuchen looked at Zhao Hai’s expression before he coldly snorted. He held his skyfrost sword in front of him before he waved it and announced, “Severing the Mountains and Rivers, First Sword!” Along with his declaration, the skyfrost sword increased in size. The originally 1 meter sword became meters long. The sword also got thicker as it extended and cut towards Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>This sword seems like an ordinary chop. However, Zhao Hai knew that this attack wasn’t so simple.</p>

  <p>The skyfrost sword chopped down from the sky, its body gently trembling. However, one shouldn’t look down on this gentle shaking. This wasn’t because of Li Chuchen’s lack of control of his sword. On the contrary, Li Chuchen’s mastery of the skyfrost sword was very good. The reason the body trembled was because it was blocking Zhao Hai’s routes of escape. No matter which direction Zhao Hai dodges, the sword would still be able to hit him at the shortest amount of time. It can be said that Zhao Hai would have no other way to deal with this attack other than going at it head on.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai saw this, his expression changed. Then he waved his hand, taking out a silvery white mage staff. When the spectators saw this staff, they couldn’t help but stare. This was because Zhao Hai never took anything out during the qualifiers. Everyone thought that this was because Zhao Hai had yet to find a staff that was compatible with him. They didn’t expect Zhao Hai to actually reveal his staff at this time. This was to say that Zhao Hai hadn’t used his true strength during the competition.</p>

  <p>Naturally, the staff that Zhao Hai took out was Liquid Silver. Zhao Hai saw the might of the skyfrost sword and knew that it was impossible for it to be a threat to him. However, if Zhao Hai used his body tempering fist to counter the attack, then he would be showing an important aspect of his strength. Because of this, he chose to take Liquid Silver out instead.</p>

  <p>After taking Liquid Silver out, Zhao Hai immediately waved it as a layered formation appeared in front of him. This magic formation set quickly turned into a shield.</p>

  <p>At this time, Li Chuchen’s sword chopped down. The huge skyfrost sword carried with it a might that could shake the heavens and the earth. It didn’t take long before it hit Zhao Hai’s hundred-layer formation shield.</p>

  <p>Boom! A loud explosion entered everyone’s ears. When the skyfrost sword came down, everyone’s heart rate increased. This was because the sword kept falling towards Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>However, just as the sword managed to break the shield, another smaller shield took its place. The sword broke the shield again but was blocked by another smaller shield.&#160;</p>

  <p>It was at this time that people discovered that the skyfrost sword hadn’t actually broken through the first shield. Although it looked large, it was actually a formation set that produced layers upon layers of shields stacked one after another. As the sword chopped through each layer of Zhao Hai’s shield, its momentum began to slow down.</p>

  <p>Some quick minded people counted and saw the skyfrost sword breaking through more than sixty shields. This feat was actually very amazing. It was a large shield composed of 100-layer shields stacked one after another. It wasn’t easy to break even one of them yet the skyfrost sword managed to go through sixty.&#160;</p>

  <p>After going through approximately 90 shields, the skyfrost sword finally stopped. Everyone let out a long breath, some couldn’t help but cheer. They didn’t expect Zhao Hai’s formation set to block Li Chuchen’s formidable sword.</p>

  <p>Li Chuchen’s expression slightly dropped. He looked at Zhao Hai as he coldly snorted and said, “Good job. I didn’t expect you to block my sword. However, you still have two more to deal with.”</p>

  <p>After he said that, Li Chuchen held his sword once more and chanted, “Pierce the skies, Second Sword!” Along with his voice, the skyfrost sword transformed into its normal form. Then Li Chuchen stabbed towards Zhao Hai’s direction. The sword quickly shot out as though it was going to stab the entire world at its tip!</p>
</body>
</html>