<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1131: Kill Ruthlessly For Fame!</h3>

  <p>Desbarres completely understood Thunder’s character. The reason why he told Thunder about Zhao Hai’s Liquid Silver was because he knew that as long as Zhao Hai strives for the Ashley Family, then Thunder wouldn’t take Liquid Silver back. Conversely, if he didn’t tell Thunder about this matter, then once Thunder found out about it, the situation would become complicated. Not only would Zhao Hai not be spared, even the Bone Symbol Camp might experience bad luck.</p>

  <p>At the same time, he also proposed the plan for Margaret. Since Thunder doesn’t want to have any conflict with Margaret, then he wouldn’t make a move on Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>It was strange to say that even if Thunder was very overbearing, he had an unusual preference for Margaret. Thunder would pay attention to any matter that involved his daughter. Because of this, Desbarres wished Margaret to be with Zhao Hai. This way, Thunder would never become Zhao Hai’s enemy.</p>

  <p>………………</p>

  <p>Desbarres’s mood wasn’t very good when he returned to the Bone Symbol Camp. He was very exhausted. In the past, although Thunder’s temperament wasn’t good and was sometimes overbearing, he still loosened up when it came to Desbarres and Cadjo. There were even times where they would joke around.</p>

  <p>But recently it was different. Thunder was becoming more and more moody. Desbarres found himself watching his words more. And even if he made a joke, it was deliberately thought through.</p>

  <p>This feeling caused Desbarres to become exhausted. It was because of this exhaustion that he meddled in the family’s matter less and less. Instead, he focused more on the Bone Symbol Camp.</p>

  <p>Although the External Hall was something that the family needed, this requirement didn’t mean that it was crucial. In the eyes of a great family like the Ashley Family, the function of External Halls was to work for the family’s benefits. It can be said that ships and mechs were the family’s core power. Mages and Warriors weren’t included in this list.</p>

  <p>Desbarres was clear about this point. Because of this, he made sure that nobody would look at the External Hall. And also to not incur Thunder’s doubt.</p>

  <p>Upon returning to the camp, Desbarres directly went to Zhao Hai’s villa. He was aware that Zhao Hai was currently in a bottleneck on his cultivation. Becoming stronger in a short time was impossible. Therefore, Zhao Hai wasn’t closing up like before.</p>

  <p>When he arrived outside Zhao Hai’s villa, Desbarres heard voices coming from inside. In addition to Zhao Hai’s voice, Tao Wang and Tie Sheng’s voices were heard.</p>

  <p>Upon hearing the voices of these three, Desbarres couldn’t help but smile. Tie Sheng and Tao Wang were people loyal to him. Moreover, their abilities were very good. And there was no need to say about Zhao Hai’s talent. Because of this, Desbarres favored him. It can be said that these people had become important for Desbarres.</p>

  <p>Desbarres pushed the door open and saw the three already in the dining room and drinking. Upon entering the room, Desbarres loudly said, “Good, good. It seems like you didn’t wait for me before you start drinking.”</p>

  <p>The three immediately turned to look at Desbarres. Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Camp Lord, if you came back later, then we might have to drink until late at night.”</p>

  <p>Desbarres ignored the three’s greetings as he sat on the table and poured himself a drink. After taking a sip and savoring the fragrance of the alcohol, he said, “Little Hai, you’ve performed magnificently today. You don’t know this, but I made a ten million coin bet with Camp Lord Dia of the Ghost Symbol Camp. If you don’t get first place in the family competition, then I will have to pay him ten million coins. So make sure that you don’t lose.”</p>

  <p>Tao Wang stared, then he said, “Ten million machine coins? Camp Lord, where did you get that much money? Don’t tell me you’ve been embezzling family funds?”</p>

  <p>Desbarres slapped Tao Wang’s side and said, “What nonsense. You think you know more than me about the camp’s finances? Why do I need to embezzle funds? From what I can see, you’re the one cheating us money. Tie Sheng, don’t come here tomorrow. Instead, let’s go to Tao Wang’s. Let’s freeload off of him for one month for speaking nonsense.”</p>

  <p>Tie Sheng looked at Tao Wang and smiled, “Good. I wanted to do this for so long, Camp Lord. However, this fellow doesn’t treat anyone. This is a good opportunity to freeload.”</p>

  <p>Tao Wang looked pitiful as he answered, “Camp Lord, you can’t do this to me. I’m really poor. I even need to eat Little Hai’s food because I can’t buy for myself. How about we wait for Little Hai to win the competition and then we have a meal with your winnings from the bet.”</p>

  <p>Almost at the same time, Desbarres and Tie Sheng gave Tao Wang a despising look. This fellow Tao Wang was a good person, but he was extremely stingy. However, nobody really took this banter seriously. Everyone present weren’t short of money, they were just teasing Tao Wang.</p>

  <p>After joking around, Desbarres’s face turned serious as he said, “Alright, let’s talk about proper business. Little Hai, I’ve informed the Patriarch about Little Silver. He didn’t say anything about it and just hoped that you can gain good achievements. The Patriarch has become more and more obstinate in the past few years. He doesn’t listen to any criticism. If you don’t give good results, then he definitely won’t let you off.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Camp Lord, rest assured. I know what to do.”</p>

  <p>Desbarres nodded, then he sighed and said, “Little Hai, I hope you don’t blame me for revealing this matter to the Patriarch.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I won’t. I know that Camp Lord might feel embarrassed about this. However, it’s impossible to hide this matter from the Patriarch. If the Patriarch is late in finding out about this matter, then he might suspect that something is going on.”</p>

  <p>Desbarres sighed once more, then he said, “The Patriarch might be unaware of this, but his temperament has become more and more erratic. Even someone like me who grew up with him has to be more careful when in his audience.”</p>

  <p>Desbarres was currently trusting Zhao Hai because he saw that his origins were very clean. Zhao Hai hardly interacted with other people. And although Zhao Hai had killed a lot of people in the lower realms, he was good to people around him, which was similar to Desbarres’s manner. Because of this, Desbarres’s impression of Zhao Hai was very good.</p>

  <p>Tie Sheng and Tao Wang didn’t say anything. Their situations were also similar to Zhao Hai. After being chosen by Desbarres and introduced into the Bone Symbol Camp, they were trained and gained his absolute trust. This was also the reason why Desbarres was able to say these words to the three of them.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was silent like the two. But Tie Sheng and Tao Wang’s expressions were somewhat difficult. The two of them knew that the only reason why the Bone Symbol Camp can still make their money was Desbarres. If Desbarres was gone, then the Bone Symbol Camp would find it hard to keep their businesses.</p>

  <p>Outsiders might be clueless, but the others in the External Halls weren’t. They could see that the members of the Bone Symbol Camp were living more comfortable lives than them. Because of this, all of them cast envious eyes towards the camp. But because of Desbarres, nobody dared to make a move.</p>

  <p>However, it was impossible for Desbarres to protect the Bone Symbol Camp his entire life. And without Desbarres, what would the Bone Symbol Camp do? Because of this, Desbarres settled on Zhao Hai. He was hoping that Zhao Hai could become a powerful expert as soon as possible so that he could protect the Camp. With his presence, other people would think twice before making a move on the camp.</p>

  <p>Desbarres took his glass and drank the liquor in one go. Then he turned to look at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, do you have a wife in the lower realms? What do you think about Margaret?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled bitterly. He wasn’t a beginner that he was completely clueless about what was going on. However, he already had Laura and the others. And he didn’t want to get a new wife soon.</p>

  <p>Desbarres looked at Zhao Hai’s reaction and sighed, “I really feel pity for Miss Margaret. Her relationship with the family isn’t very good because of her mother’s death. Actually, the family really cared about Miss Margaret, but she didn’t want to be cared for by the family. And there was also her marriage with the Fire Temple, making her unhappy. I told the Patriarch that Miss Margaret seems to be interested in you. The Patriarch didn’t oppose and he even hoped that Miss Margaret would be associated with you. Little Hai, this is your opportunity to join the Ashley Family. Only by becoming a member of the Ashley Family would the Patriarch let you keep Liquid Silver. Otherwise, the family might want to reclaim it in the future. When the time comes, your situation will be complicated.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s expression changed. Desbarres drank another glass before continuing, “I handed Liquid Silver over to you because I didn’t expect that you would actually complete it. Now that you have completed it, Liquid Silver has recognized you as its owner. If one wanted to get Liquid Silver, then they would have to kill you. Liquid Silver’s power has never been seen before. Ever since it has been passed down, there were a lot of people in the Machine Field that were looking at its progress. Once people know that you have completed Liquid Silver, your well-being will be placed in chaos. Trouble will constantly chase you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s eyes narrowed. To be honest, he hadn’t thought through this point. In his mind, although Liquid Silver was very good, it was still on level with artifacts in the Cultivation Realm. However, he failed to think about the Machine Field.</p>

  <p>A weapon like Liquid Silver had never appeared in the realm before. For powerful experts in the Machine Field, the allure of Liquid Silver would be difficult to suppress. Liquid Silver was basically the ultimate weapon for Magic Theory. It was the realm’s first divine weapon. Everyone would want to obtain it.</p>

  <p>In the past, nobody was able to complete Liquid Silver, so nobody really cared about it. But now that it has been formed, people would desperately fight for it!</p>

  <p>The worth of owning formidable weapons depended on its user. In the hands of powerful experts, only a few people would want to steal it. This was because a lot of people were afraid of offending a huge power. But if it was in the hands of a person with no identity, then the weapon would be a curse!</p>

  <p>Although Zhao Hai was regarded as important by Desbarres, his present status was only a member of the Ashley Family’s External Hall. Such status would without a doubt be seen as unworthy of Liquid Silver. People would certainly chase him to steal the weapon.</p>

  <p>But if Zhao Hai married Margaret, he would become a member of the Ashley Family. At that time, people would have to think hard if they wanted to steal Liquid Silver.</p>

  <p>Naturally, Zhao Hai wasn’t afraid of being chased down. However, this matter would still bring him endless troubles. Zhao Hai hated trouble, but he hated relying on women even more.</p>

  <p>Desbarres looked at Zhao Hai’s appearance and sighed, “Little Hai, I want you to associate with Miss Margaret for three reasons. First, it would benefit you. Second, it would be good for Miss Margaret. And third, it would be good for the Bone Symbol Camp. In the past few years, my involvement with family matters decreased. Although I still have some influence in the family, my power is becoming smaller and smaller. At this time, I can still support the Bone Symbol Camp. But what if an accident happens one day? Who would support the Bone Symbol Camp? Once you become a powerful expert, you will have to become the camp’s leader. But before you become strong, you would need an identity to support the camp. This way, the Bone Symbol Camp wouldn’t be touched by the other camps. Do you understand what I mean?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I understand. Camp Lord, I will consider what you said. To be honest, until now, I only have a sense of belonging to the Bone Symbol Camp. As for the Ashley Family, I still feel a distance between us. Also, I don’t want to bring Miss Margaret into his matter. It would be disrespectful to her. In the meantime, I’ll just make sure that people don’t find out about Liquid Silver.”</p>

  <p>Desbarres looked at Zhao Hai, then he suddenly laughed and said, “Alright, good. Little Hai, I haven’t misread you. I can see your virtue by hearing your words. It seems like Miss Margaret’s eyes are also good. Alright, I won’t barge into this matter anymore. But when the time comes, I hope that you won’t reject Miss Margaret outright. Try to know her a bit more.’</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and didn’t speak anymore. Desbarres poured himself another glass of liquor. Tie Sheng and Tao Wang did the same. Then Desbarres lifted his glass and said, “Let’s celebrate Little Hai’s win today with this glass. Little Hai, always remember, in the Six Realm Beginner Competition, there’s no need to hold back. Kill ruthlessly to gain reputation. You should know that other participants aren’t saints either. Only by being ruthless would you be safe. Understood?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he said, “Camp Lord, rest assured. I have never been lenient towards my enemy.”</p>

  <p>Desbarres laughed and said, “Alright. Hahaha. Let’s drink!”</p>
</body>
</html>