<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 440: Deception Squad</h3>

  <p>While they were waiting for Zhao Hai to fully comprehend everything in the Space, Laura and the others waited in of the villa while discussing the various Magic Beasts present outside.</p>

  <p>At this moment, Zhao Hai looked at them and faintly smiled, “Why are you watching inside? Go out and see them, those Magic Beasts wouldn’t be afraid of you.”</p>

  <p>This was also a function of the SPace. Those who Zhao Hai deemed to be his people would be tagged by the Space as friendlies. Because of this, all Magic Beasts inside the Space not only were unafraid of Zhao Hai’s group, they would even get close to them.</p>

  <p>When Laura and the others heard Zhao Hai’s voice they turned their heads to look at him. Zhao Hai noticed that on their arms were Magic Beasts. Laura held Platypus on her arms, Megan hugged Little Jin, while Meg had Zhao Wen on her shoulder. Seeing these women holding 9th rank beasts as though they were plushies would certainly make an ordinary person go crazy.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gazed at Platypus, at this point, its size was reduced, it now looked very cute and lovely. It was no wonder that Laura liked it.</p>

  <p>Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, are you sure that those beasts wouldn’t run away when we go approach them?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “They won’t, they will even be intimate with you. So go out and play with them.” Laura and the others cheered and then ran outside.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and then turned his head to Mu’er, “Mu’er, since the Space really didn’t need you to manage it anymore, how about exiting the Space and coming along with me? You can transform into a type of clothing, my belt would be good.”</p>

  <p>Mu’er didn’t oppose. He was an obedient child, otherwise he wouldn’t be bullied by Cai’er. Mu’er transformed his form and slowly turned into a golden belt before coiling around Zhao Hai’s waist. Although it seemed low-key, the belt’s appearance fully expressed noble elegance, it was very attractive.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the belt that Mu’er has turned into and gave a satisfied nod. Then he walked outside and couldn’t’ help but smile. Laura and the others were playing with small Magic Beasts who didn’t grow up yet. The adult Magic Beasts seem to not mind and just continued grazing around on the grass.</p>

  <p>This image showing the harmony between man and nature was something Zhao Hai had only seen on television. But Zhao Hai knew that compared to television, what he was seeing was real, in this world, man and nature could truly exist harmoniously.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai suddenly remembered that he could name the Space. He didn’t think too much and directly named it Haven, a homage to how this place was a paradise.</p>

  <p>After playing around the Space for the whole day, the group returned to the villa when evening came. Zhao Hai had also invited Green and the others to the Space and told them the changes that happened.</p>

  <p>WHen Zhao Hai invited Green over, he also experienced another difference in the Space. After the Space got upgraded, the Transmission Points were also upgraded. But this upgrade wasn’t an addition of one or two point, but instead a qualitative upgrade. As long as Zhao Hai had been to a place, then he could establish a Transmission Point there at any time. In other words, as long as that place was recorded into the Space’s monitor, then Zhao Hai can go there anytime.</p>

  <p>This function was too formidable, it added to the usefulness of the Space’s monitor. At this point, Zhao Hai even felt that the massive Ark Continent had turned into the Ark Village.</p>

  <p>Naturally, the number of places that Zhao Hai had been to wasn’t a lot, but this wasn’t a huge disadvantage. No matter what, as long as he had been to a place, and had the place recorded into the monitor, then Zhao Hai can go there. With these, he can still go to quite a few places.</p>

  <p>Upon hearing the changes that happened to the Space, Green and the others were very happy as well. For them, this was very good. The more formidable the Space becomes, the more advantages they would have.</p>

  <p>Looking at Green’s happy expression, Zhao Hai also smiled, then he said, “In fact, Zhao Wen’s method today gave me a reminder. We can actually get the 9th ranks without resorting to violence. Instead, we can just trick them into going inside the Space and have it subdue them. Now that we have Zhao Wen and Platypus on our side, inviting those 9th ranks would be much easier. Grandpa Green, what do you think?”</p>

  <p>Green thought for a moment then nodded, “We can try that. Now that the Space is strong and has five 9th rank experts, it was better if we refrain from using violence. Otherwise, if we suffer any damages, then it wouldn’t be very good.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “I also think that we need to try tricking them into the Space first. If we can do that, then we’re fine, but if we can’t, then we have other choices than to take them by force.”</p>

  <p>Green agreed, “Also, we should finish this matter in the Carrion Swamp as soon as possible, or else the day when the Magic Beasts rampage to the Black Wasteland would come. When that happens, the losses that we’ll suffer would be too great. Additionally, if the 9th rank Magic Beasts come, then it would be more troublesome. It would be better if we do take care of this matter right here.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “Rest assured, we will certainly solve that problem this time. We don’t want to worry about this hidden problem in the future.”</p>

  <p>After resting for a day inside the Space, Zhao Hai released Zhao Wen and Platypus. This time, their target would be Skylark.</p>

  <p>Platypus and Zhao Wen stopped just right outside Skylark’s territory. They knew that if they were to directly enter, Skylark would think that they came to attack him. From Skylark’s cowardly nature, he would certainly run away immediately. When this point comes, it would be very difficult for Platypus and Zhao Wen to catch up to him.</p>

  <p>Therefore, as long as they don’t enter Skylark’s domain, Skylark won’t run away. After they stopped, Platypus opened his mouth and said, “Skylark, come out and meet me.”</p>

  <p>Platypus’ status was higher than Skylark, because of this he didn’t include respectful words like when Zhao Wen talked to him before. Also, if he was too polite, it would certainly alarm Skylark.</p>

  <p>Before long, a small petite Skylark drilled out from the poisonous mist. Although Skylark wasn’t that small, when compared to Platypus, she really looked very small.</p>

  <p>However, even if Skylark was small, in exchange, she gave people a sense of dexterity. And with its shape, it appeared very cute.</p>

  <p>Skylark stared when she saw both Platypus and Zhao Wen. With a calm tone, he asked, “What matter made the two of you come here?”</p>

  <p>Her sound was very clear, and from the tone, one could hear a feminine voice, it seemed very fragile. It sounded like the tones that birds sing in.</p>

  <p>Platypus looked at Skylark and smiled, “Younger sister Skylark, we came this time because of Little Wen. She obtained a Magic Staff which turned out to be a Spatial Item with a very huge space inside. Both of us had already checked but we weren’t able to see its boundaries. Therefore, we thought we could approach you for help in finding the edge of this space. Is younger sister Skylark willing to help?”</p>

  <p>Skylark stared, she didn’t think that Platypus would go find her for this matter. She looked at her visitors and said, “Is what you’re saying true? But even if we do find the edge of this space, what use can we get out of it?”</p>

  <p>Platypus smiled faintly and said, “To tell you the truth, we’re planning to occupy the space inside. But since it was too large, we’re afraid that there are other experts present inside. If we manage to offend some experts, then we wouldn’t be able to peacefully practice inside. Therefore, we thought about surveying the entire space first and make sure that there was nobody else inside. This way, we can peacefully comprehend the heavenly laws inside and maybe even break through.”</p>

  <p>Skylark stared, she looked very moved by Platypus’ words. All 9th rank experts strive in understanding the laws of the heaven. If one manages to succeed, then they would definitely become a supreme existence. If what the space really did provide even has smidgen of possibility, then it was definitely worth it to look inside.</p>

  <p>But Skylark still has some worries, “Why did you look for me? Why not somebody else?”</p>

  <p>Platypus smiled, “Naturally because you’re the one closest to us. When Little Wen got her staff, the first thing she wanted to do was approach you. But since she needed to pass through my territory, we decided to check the inside together. However, neither the two of us managed to find the space’s boundaries. Therefore, we wanted to look for help, so even if there really was something inside, we can deal with it much easier. You’re the one closest to my territory, so we came to you first. So how about it? Do you agree? If you agree, then we’ll go and see the space right now. If we still can’t do it, then we’ll go find another one. But if you don’t agree, we can also go away and find someone else.”</p>

  <p>Even if she sees that they seem to be telling the truth, Skylark still couldn’t help to hesitate. She was very timid and cautious, but she also understood that Platypus was stronger than her and that Zhao Wen’s speed was not much worse than her. If these two really wanted to deal with her, then they wouldn’t need to spend too much trouble. After looking at their appearances for one more time, Skylark began to believe them.</p>

  <p>After thinking for a moment, Skylark said, “If it is true, then I will naturally agree. But I need to go inside first, right, you should accompany me in.”</p>

  <p>Platypus smiled, “Alright, no problem. Little Wen, open the space.” Zhao Wen nodded then help up the Magic Staff as a spatial rift appeared. Zhao Hai was already prepared for this, as long as the Magic Staff was held high, he would immediately open up a spatial rift.</p>

  <p>When the rift opened, Zhao Wen didn’t immediately go inside. Platypus turned to Skylark and said, “Younger sister Skylark, I’ll be going in first” Then his body flashed into the space. Zhao Wen stayed outside, she looked at Skylark and said, “Elder Sister Skylark, I shall wait for you here, If I go in as well, the rift would vanish.” Then she stood at the rift.</p>

  <p>Looking at the two’s performances, Skylark didn’t hesitate. Her bad immediately flashed as it entered the Space. After Skylark entered, a prompt was heard.</p>

  <p>In the end, Skylark was graded as a level 45 Magic Beast. Before she can be raised inside the Space, naturally the Space still needed to subdue her. But to say that Platypus and Zhao Wen deceived her was not totally right. This was because inside the Space, the elemental energies were indeed quite strong. And because of the plants inside the Space, the energies were becoming stronger and stronger.</p>

  <p>Plants absorb nutrients from the soil. After they die, they would rot and become nutrients themselves. Their fruits, however, can become food for animals and people. Because of this, plants can be considered as the most selfless creatures.</p>

  <p>In the Space, this principle stays true as well. The Space would be providing the plants with nutrients and in turn they would be giving back some energies into the Space, making the Space upgrade. Which in turn, allows more plants to be grown in the Space. And now that it has become its own world, the energy released by the plants became even more powerful. Animals release energies as well, this made the elemental magic present in the space stronger and stronger.</p>

  <p>Since Zhao Hai’s group spent time inside the Space in a daily basis, they weren’t able to detect this small change. But for Skylark and Platypus that were just introduced to the Space, they could clearly feel the difference. This also made them want to continue staying inside the Space, they didn’t want to return to their territories anymore.</p>

  <p>After subduing Skylark, Zhao Hai proceeded to their next target, now with Skylark added to the squad. This made the deception squad increase by one, additionally, this also made their story much more credible, making Zhao Hai’s plans more likely to succeed.</p>

  <p>If this plan was used against 9th rank Human experts, then it may not succeed. This was because 9th rank human experts have experienced a lot of things in their life, they were already acquainted with various schemes and plots just like today’s action. They would certainly be on guard and wouldn’t trust anyone very easily, this would make it very impossible for them to enter the Space.</p>

  <p>But the 9th rank Magic Beasts inside the Carrion Swamp aren’t quite the same. They lived in a world where plots and schemes were basically non existent, the only matter that they cared about was protecting Flower City as well as cultivating. Because of this, even the cautious Skylark was deceived into entering the Space.</p>

  <p>As more and more 9th ranks enter the Space, the Space was also getting stronger and stronger. At the same time, the success rate of the plan became higher and higher. The other 9th ranks just didn’t believe that these group of 9th ranks would scheme against them, there was no need to. If the deception squad really wanted to deal with a single 9th rank, it would be very easy, a roundabout way was just too impractical.</p>

  <p>Stemming from such thinking, there was no battle that happened since all of the 9th ranks were deceived into entering the Space and become its fighting strength. At the same time, they also became Zhao Hai’s subordinates.</p>

  <p>But Zhao Hai didn’t excessively restrict their freedom. He allowed them the choice of cultivating inside the Space or in their territories inside the Carrion Swamp. Zhao Hai also made it clear that he wouldn’t force them to do anything.</p>

  <p>However, these Magic Beasts weren’t fools, they knew which one brought them great benefits. Because of this, they didn’t go back to the Carrion Swamp to practice and instead stayed inside the Space. In any case, the Space was truly big, they can just pick a place where they would practice and stay there.</p>
</body>
</html>