<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 402: Markey Family</h3>

  <p>Naturally, the other party also saw Zhao Hai’s actions, they didn’t think that Zhao Hai would have this much methods in combat. The only information that they obtained about him before was that he was a Dark Mage. Today, they were made aware that he was surprisingly able to use spells of other departments.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai’s opponents were also experienced in battles. As soon as they saw Zhao Hai’s undead army, they immediately acted accordingly. The two water dragons that were previously used to break the ice once again emerged and began to crash towards the approaching undead army,</p>

  <p>Unfortunately for them, Zhao Hai’s undead were surprisingly high-level, these kinds of attacks were not able to affect them.</p>

  <p>When the undead saw the magic attack heading their direction, two of them went forward, cyan light flashed from their bodies as they wielded their weapons. When the two dragons went in contact with the two undead, two Sword Qi met them, slicing them into halves before the water splashed back to the sea.</p>

  <p>Charlie who was standing on the Haven had his eyes turn blank upon seeing the scene. He was speechless. An undead using Battle Qi, this was the first time he saw such a thing. This was an eye opening experience.</p>

  <p>The opponent was also unprepared for such an outcome that they forgot to make a move. The undead used this opportunity to quickly board their ships.</p>

  <p>When the undead came onboard, the crew was unable to fight them off. This was because the Undead were very strong right now, they were not inferior to 8th rank Warriors.</p>

  <p>An 8th rank warrior, when placed on any ordinary clan, would immediately become its ancestor, supporting the family singlehandedly. But Zhao Hai just released a lot of those experts casually, making those not part of his group quite startled.</p>

  <p>His attack didn’t end here, after releasing waves of undeads warriors, he also added a lot of Jackal Race Cavalry to the mix.</p>

  <p>The Jackals were quite small, but they were very fast. Before the people on the ships came to notice them, they were already on their boats.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai considered the matter finished. The enemy had six five-master ironclad battleships overall, he released 12 thousand undead just now, 2 thousand undead pero ship should be able to deal with the opposite party.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stopped his actions and just stared at the several ships. Although those who were on the ships continued to resist, they weren’t able to do so for longer since they were a lot weaker.</p>

  <p>Seeing the situation, Zhao Hai relaxed and turned to smile at Charlie, “Your highness, it seems like my fleet of ships has increased. How about it, do you want two ships to play around with? With a boat like mine, you would be able to fish whenever you want at sea.”</p>

  <p>Charlie recovered from his daze, he made a complex expression when he looked at the ships that came to attack them. He shook his head and said, “Forget it, I don’t have that much free time to wander about in the sea. Mister should keep these ships. However, I think that those who wanted to deal with us aren’t simple people. Sending six five-masted ironclad ships isn’t something ordinary powers could do.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “It think these people didn’t come for your highness, but instead for me. Your Highness, I’m afraid that I had unexpectedly implicated you.”</p>

  <p>Charlie smiled and said, “What implicated? Since you decided to lend me a hand, naturally your enemies are now also my enemies. Thus, their attacks on you should also mean an attack on me, no need to say that you implicated me.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and didn’t add anything. He knows that Charlie was saying this in order to win him over. However, seeing someone want to win him over was also something he enjoyed a lot.</p>

  <p>He wielded his staff as six clumps of black gas flew and encircled the six ships. Before long, people inside the ship became quite busy. Charlie noticed that there were some undead that proceeded to change the sails on the ships.</p>

  <p>It was common for ships to have spare sails. They sail the seas all year round, what would they do if a storm suddenly hits them? If the storms blow the sails away or just rips them apart, what would they do? Since they couldn’t just wait for their deaths or until some other ship saved them, they naturally would carry along spare sails.</p>

  <p>At this time, the undead that Zhao Hai released came back while walking along the icy surface. Zhao Hai stored them, leaving only three Mages behind.</p>

  <p>Charlie looked at the three Mages and knew that were the Mages on board the enemy ships. Moreover, looking from their appearances, it seems like they were turned into undead by Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>At this point, Charlie’s mind went numb. Although he wasn’t a Dark Mage, he knew that it wasn’t easy for a Dark Mage to turn people into Advanced level undead. But it seems like this law didn’t apply to Zhao Hai, so long as he waved his staff, he can turn anyone into an undead, an Advanced Level undead.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai observed his new undead Mages, one was a Wind Mage, one was a Water Mage, while the last one was unexpectedly a Light Mage.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly, it seems like those who wanted to deal with him had been quite thoughtful. They sent a Wind Mage to deal with his ship, a Water Mage to combat better at sea, and a Light Mage to counter him being a Dark Mage. It was clear that the opponent specifically sent them do deal with Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>What made Zhao Hai surprised was the fact that the Mages didn’t bring any sort of emblem on their bodies. Obviously to make their identities unknown.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the Light Mage and said, “Are you a person of the Radiant Church?”</p>

  <p>The Light Mage bowed and said, “Yes, Young Master. I am indeed a Radiant Church person, current assignment is a Priest.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he asked again, “Did the Radiant Church send you this time to deal with me?” Zhao Hai knew that a Priest is a level lower than a Radiant Church’s White-clothed Bishop.</p>

  <p>The Priest shook his head and said, “They didn’t, this time I had received an invitation from the Markey Family to deal with Young Master. This isn’t an assignment given by the Church.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, then he frowned, “It surprisingly the Markey Family, I didn’t expect that. You two as well?”</p>

  <p>The other Mages nodded, “Yes, Young Master, we are Markey family’s foreign elders. We received the order to deal with you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “Except for dealing with me, did the Markey Family have any other plans?”</p>

  <p>Tho two mages shook their heads as one of them answered, “We don’t know, the family only told us about this assignment, they didn’t tell us about any other actions.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the two mages and said, “Aside from the two of you, who else was on the ship?”</p>

  <p>The mages immediately said, “We have Captain Gauter, he is a trusted aide of the family. Everything on the fleet is under his control, we listen to him.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then with an intention, a person ran towards them from one of the attacking ships. This man was quite good, although the ice was starting to melt, making it quite slippery, he was still able to run on it without much issue. Before long, the man arrived in front of Zhao Hai and bowed, “Gauter meets Young Master Zhao Hai, what does the young master need?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looks at this person, he looked about 40 years old, very ordinary looking and had a thick brown skin; obviously from the constant sea travel. Zhao Hai immediately responded, “Did the Markey Family have any other moves other than sending you to deal with me?”</p>

  <p>Gauter shook his head, “Nothing else, young master. In order to deal with you, the family had spend quite a bit of money. Along with the six five-masted ironclad ships, they also invited two 8th rank mages, a priest, and five 8th rank warriors. The family told me that losing the six ships didn’t matter as long as young master is dealt with.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “Good, you go back and fix the sails as soon as possible. Follow us afterwards.” Gauter complied and turned to head back to his ship. Zhao Hai waved his staff and received the three Mages into the Space.</p>

  <p>Charlie stood still at the side, observing. He was now made aware of the best way to interrogate someone, it was to turn them into an Advanced Level undead. This way, even if you ask the person when he stopped wetting his bed, he will immediately tell you.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai turned to Charlie and said, “Your highness, we should continue on. No need to manage them, they will catch up soon.”</p>

  <p>Charlie nodded, then along with Zhao Hai and the others, they returned to the ship’s living room. After sitting down, Zhao Hai turned to Laura and said, “Laura, it seems like the Markey Family had gone quite restless. What do you think we should do?”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled faintly and said, “No need to be anxious. This time, they dispatched six five-masted ships along with a few experts, which we just wiped out. Now, their ships and people belong to us. I believe that this is be quite a huge blow to the Markey Family, they should be staying their hand for quite some time. If they did plan to deal with us again, then we wouldn’t be polite, let’s just deal with them directly, ending everything. There should be a lot of people who also wants to deal with them, let’s see if they could handle that.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and Charlie laughed. Charlie knew about Laura, he just didn’t expect that she would be treating the Markey Family this way, it was not what he thought about.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was not surprised. He already knew Laura’s view of the Markey Family, so it was normal for her reaction to be like this. In fact, if he also asked Karen about his input, he would without a doubt say the same thing. This pair of father and daughter had long lost their sense of belonging towards the Markey Family.</p>

  <p>At this time, Jinan walked in and bowed to Zhao Hai, “Young master, after examining the ship, we have lost five magic cannons, 20 ballistas, and the ship’s hull became slightly damaged. However, this wouldn’t affect our navigation, we can immediately head out.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Good, then we’ll let Gauter change his sails by himself, let’s head out.” Jinan nodded, then turned away.</p>
</body>
</html>