<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 841: Right to Speak!</h3>

  <p>In fact, when the Divines were subjugating the Goblins, they having quite the trouble. Although the Goblins didn’t focus their research on weapons, they still had their magic cannons and magic armors. The power of both of those were extraordinary.</p>

  <p>The Divines were completely terrified about those two things. They believed that if they made the Goblins continue to develop then they would sooner or later reach a dominant status compared to the Divine Race. Because of this, the Divines decided to eliminate the Goblins and prevent them from continuing on with their research.</p>

  <p>The magic cannons were left to the Divine Race, of which they used to conquer various other planes.</p>

  <p>The Divine Race also thought about researching the metal armors to improve their overall strength. However, the metal golems were just too complex. The Goblins used a lot of secret techniques in order to manufacture them, and those secrets couldn’t be acquired by the Divine Race. In the end, the Divines did their best to stop those things from being made. After all, the iron golems were able to kill a lot of Divine Race soldiers.</p>

  <p>Fei’er and the others didn’t know about any of these. In the Divine Realm, the battle against the Divines and the Goblins were minimally recorded. Fei’er only saw a broken metal armor, but although it was broken, it still left a very deep impression on him.</p>

  <p>Now that Fei’er heard that Atlanta Continent’s magic armors were more advanced than the ones made by the Goblins, he couldn’t help but stare. After some time, his complexion turned ugly as he said, “Mister, are you telling the truth?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “How could I lie about this matter. Right, I have some kind of magic. I learned it from the Fishman Race. It allows me to save what I had seen before. Take a look.” Then he waved his hand and showed the scene with Axe.</p>

  <p>The big metal armor made Fei’er and the others gasp. Only when Axe’s armor transformed into an aircraft and left &#160;Blazing Island did they manage to recover. But it still took them a long time before a word went out of their mouths.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai retrieved the monitor before he looked the three and said, “Those are the flying magic armors of the Atlanta Continent. Before I arrived, they already eliminated magic beasts and flame demons of Blazing Island. Moreover, it only took them a short time to do so.”</p>

  <p>Fei’er looked confused at Zhao Hai as he asked, “Mister, how did you know that they have arrived in the Ark Continent?”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Fei’er, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile, “Everybody wonders how I am able to know what happens in the Ark Continent. Let me tell you in simple words. I have scouts all throughout the continent. Almost all of the continent is under my watch.”</p>

  <p>Fei’er didn’t say anything, he believed Zhao Hai’s words. When Zhao Hai was fighting against the Divine Race, he was always a step ahead. If Zhao Hai didn’t have his eyes on the continent, that feat would’ve been impossible.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er and said, “But me discovering them only came due to an accident. At that time I wanted to sneak an attack against the Radiant Empire. Since you were entangled at Accra Mountain, I encircled all around to attack the south of the Empire. It was then that I managed to see them.”</p>

  <p>Fei’er and the others didn’t doubt this point. After they came here, they found out that the Radiant Empire has already been destroyed. Moreover the damage seemed to come from the southeast then headed northwest. It wouldn’t be strange if Zhao Hai met the people from the Atlanta Plane at that time.</p>

  <p>Barbarian Shan looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Is mister confident in blocking the attack from the Atlanta Continent?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I’ve already considered this point. Don’t forget, there’s a strange and dangerous enemy currently in the Ark Continent. The Underworld!”</p>

  <p>The Divine Race only understood about half of the underworld. Just as Zhao Hai said, the underworld was too strange. Even the Divine Race wouldn’t dare open a spatial rift towards the underworld since they didn’t have a full grasp of its properties.</p>

  <p>It was because of this mystery that it was deemed dangerous. Fei’er and the others nodded, they also understood what Zhao Hai said. Now that the underworld’s spatial rift has been opened, its creatures would surely reach the center of the Ark Continent. Once the Atlanta Plane decided to conquer the Ark Continent, they would surely come into conflict with the Underworld. At that time, the Atlanta Plane would have no time attack Zhao Hai’s group.</p>

  <p>After hearing this, Fei’er and the others relaxed. However, their expression suddenly changed, they remembered that the Underworld affected them as well.</p>

  <p>The Underworld being in the Ark Continent meant that the underworld creatures would surely reach the spatial rift. When the time comes, they would be able to reach the Divine Realm. If they were to overrun the Divine Realm, then that would be extremely troublesome.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at their expressions and immediately knew what they were thinking. Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “You don’t have to worry, they won’t reach us for some time. We’ll deal with the Divine Race first. Even if we can’t finish it, we can still use the Taurus Continent as a battlefield. Additionally, we can also find ways to close the spatial rifts of your own planes. You can’t do it before because of the Divines, but now nobody will be able to stop it.”</p>

  <p>Fei’er and the others thought that Zhao Hai’s idea was reasonable. In the past, the Divine Race were stopping them from closing the spatial rift. But now they weren’t under the Divine Race’s control anymore. As long as the Taurus Divines were dealt with, who would be able to stop them?</p>

  <p>Fei’er nodded and said, “That’s true. So it looks like dealing with the Divine Race is our foremost goal. Mister, will we be attacking tomorrow?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “It would be best if we do our attack tomorrow. Moreover, I’ll tell you that the Demons already had a prior meeting with the underworld. A spatial rift appeared in the Demon Realm that was connected to the Underworld. In the end, they were able to seal that rift. So as long as we buy enough time, we should be able to seal the spatial rift here. You don’t have to worry about it.”</p>

  <p>Fei’er and the others felt their hearts loosen. Then Fei’er looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Then we’ll prepare for the attack tomorrow. Right, Mister, can we have some liquor? Our people have been stressed all this time. They needed to some liquor to aid their weariness.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “That is not a problem. I’ll have some people send it later. But don’t drink too much, we don’t want to affect your performance tomorrow.” Fei’er immediately nodded.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai discussed further details about tomorrow’s attack before taking his leave. While Zhao Hai left, Fei’er and the others remained inside the hall. Shan turned to Fei’er and said, “Fei’er, do you think that mister Zhao Hai’s words are true?”</p>

  <p>Fei’er nodded, “They’re true. Actually, he only told that in order to tell us that the attack on the Divine Race isn’t only about revenge. He needed a chance to bind them so that he can deal with the underworld.”</p>

  <p>Yue nodded, “That would be good. Mister Zhao Hai’s strength is formidable. If he can face the Divine Race, then we would be more confident in defeating them as well.”</p>

  <p>At this time, Fei’er’s tone turned serious, “However, we can’t count on Mister Zhao Hai at all times. We need to make him understand that our three races aren’t worse than him. Otherwise, we’ll lose any courage to look at mister in the eye.”</p>

  <p>Shan and Yue weren’t fools, they immediately understood what Fei’er meant. Therefore, both of them nodded.</p>

  <p>To put it bluntly, although Zhao Hai was their ally in dealing with a common enemy, their alliance was actually quite frail. There was small resentment between them so who knows if Zhao Hai would use some plot to deal with them in the future. Because of this, they needed to keep their right to speech in this alliance. Otherwise, the only ones to suffer losses would be them.</p>

  <p>Fei’er looked at the two and said, “Alright, let’s go back and prepare. Tomorrow, we need to fight against &#160;the Divines. It’s best if we combine our three armies, otherwise we’ll look weak in comparison to mister Zhao Hai.”</p>

  <p>The two nodded, then after exchanging a few more words they dispersed.</p>

  <p>After Zhao Hai returned to the Space, he immediately arranged his undead to deliver some liquor to Fei’er and the others. Zhao Hai didn’t spy on Fei’er and the others since he knew that they would make the right choice. This alliance could only bring benefits, especially to the three races. It would be a stupid idea to separate from it.</p>

  <p>At this time, Zhao Hai was focused on the Atlanta Plane’s situation. After two days of observation, he came to know that the Atlanta Plane didn’t have any countries. Also, he came to know that Axe’s family is called the O’Neal Family.</p>

  <p>Axe’s status in his family wasn’t low, so this allowed him to listen to the things discussed by the family. This was quite fortunate for Zhao Hai because he would also be able to listen to the O’Neal family’s discussions. Upon eavesdropping, Zhao Hai was also able to gauge the strength of the family.</p>

  <p>However, when the family discussed about their magic armors, Zhao Hai was like a duck listening to thunder and lightning. He was completely clueless regarding what they were talking about.</p>

  <p>Although he couldn’t find out about the power of those magic armors, Zhao Hai could still understand some of the words of the family. It seems like the family’s magic armors were no less than 100 thousand, this wasn’t a small amount.</p>

  <p>Imagine having a battle on Earth involving 100 thousand tanks. What scene would that show? Now replace those tanks with mechas.</p>

  <p>However, if the O’Neal family were to attack the Ark Continent, they wouldn’t be able to do it in a day or two. They still need some time to move and prepare their magic armors. Also, the O’Neal family doesn’t want to inform the other families about the newly appeared spatial rift. It can be said that they wanted to take the whole continent for themselves. Because of this, the preparation needed for the task would take a bit longer. It might take a few months or so before they are finished.</p>

  <p>Naturally, the O’Neal family wouldn’t just do nothing. At the very least, they had already located the spatial rift and placed a thousand magic armor soldiers to watch over it. This way, even if the Ark Continent were to find out, they would have no way of closing it down.</p>

  <p>For the O’Neal family’s approach, Zhao Hai didn’t intend to stop it. He just wanted the O’Neal family to attack the Continent so that he can acquire some magic armors and give them to the Goblins to study. At this time, Zhao Hai had sent some literate undead to the Goblins in order to teach them. And it seems like the Goblins were learning very fast.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was now able to make sense about why the heads of the Goblins were too big. It seems like it had something to do with their learning and thinking capacity.</p>

  <p>The living materials acquired from the Radiant Empire have also been given to the Goblins, besides the ones being provided to the Demons. Although they were old items, the Goblins were still very happy to get them.</p>

  <p>While looking at the Goblins’ expressions, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but think about the initial expression that his slaves had. When the slaves received their first belongings, they also had the same reaction.</p>

  <p>Although the slaves’ lives had been improved in Haven Island, you can only see few slaves wearing gold and silver. This was because their pursuit wasn’t based on riches. Instead, they were coming after their ability. Even if they had no talent in magic or battle qi, the slaves were still working hard on their craft.</p>

  <p>The reason why the slaves were doing this was because in their heart, Zhao Hai the most importance. They knew that the greater their ability, the greater help they could provide Zhao Hai. Because of this, they made sure to focus on improving themselves every day. This action touched Zhao Hai’s heart.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was now hoping that the Goblins would become the same as the slaves. He believed that once the Goblins regain their previous vigor, they would be able to make even more powerful magic armors.</p>

  <p>After thinking about those magic armors, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but get the urge to understand why the Divines decided to destroy the Goblin civilization. Because of this, Zhao Hai summoned a high ranking Divine Race general. He wanted to get the exact details as to why the Divines decided to eliminate the Goblins.</p>

  <p>This general has been transformed by Zhao Hai into an advanced undead specifically to provide intel regarding the Divine Race. However, since he has been quite busy, Zhao Hai was never able to ask things in detail.</p>
</body>
</html>