<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 966: Unusual Mood</h3>

  <p>The manager guided Zhao Hai to a room further in the bank. There weren’t anything else inside this room other than a magic formation.</p>

  <p>Then the manager turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, please place the gold bricks inside this magic formation.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded. Then he waved his hand, making a big pile of gold appear inside the formation. From what it looks like, it seems to be valued at least ten million.</p>

  <p>When the gold bricks appeared inside the formation, the formation immediately lit up with a golden radiance. After that, on the walls opposite to Zhao hai, rows of digits appeared. Zhao Hai initially didn’t understand what these digits meant. However, after the manager looked at the digits, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, all of your gold bricks value at 12.5 million gold coins. Does Mister want to verify this?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “No need, it’s accurate. Please save 1 million gold coins on each of my wives’ ID Cards. Place the remaining coins on mine.” After that, Zhao Hai handed the cards over to the bank manager.</p>

  <p>The manager respectfully received the cards before he said, “Mister can wait for me outside. After I take care of this, I will personally deliver them to Mister.” Zhao Hai nodded before he turned around and left the room.</p>

  <p>At this time, Laura and the others were chatting and drinking. When Zhao Hai arrived, the women turned to look at him.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It’ll take a while before it’s done. After that, we’ll buy several good cars. Then we’ll play in the city.” Laura and the others nodded.</p>

  <p>At this time, the female staff who led them in breathed out a sigh of relief. She wasn’t relieved for Zhao Hai, she was relieved for herself. She rejoiced that she wasn’t being disrespectful towards Zhao Hai earlier. She was glad that Zhao Hai was a genuine customer. If people like the female staff were disrespectful towards a distinguished guest, then they would immediately lose their job. Perhaps they might even suffer further consequences.</p>

  <p>Losing a job as the bank staff would be a huge blow. One should know that bank workers were one of the most well-paid people in the Atlanta Plane.</p>

  <p>After Zhao Hai sat down and took a drink, he turned to the others and said, “Didn’t you want to have good cars? We’ll buy more cars this time.”</p>

  <p>Laura and the others smiled. The female staff couldn’t help but look at Zhao Hai’s women in envy. The female staff didn’t ridicule Zhao Hai’s way of spoiling his women. If such a person was willing to spoil her that much, then even the female staff would be happy.</p>

  <p>Before long, the bank manager returned with Zhao Hai’s IDs. After handing the ID cards over to Zhao Hai, the manager said, “Mister, the ID cards have been updated. If Mister has anything else he needs, then we would gladly handle them.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Prepare 10 thousand gold coins, 10 thousand silver coins, and 10 thousand copper coins for me. I won’t be able to buy anything without pocket money.”</p>

  <p>The manager immediately replied, “I ask Mister to wait for a moment. I will immediately prepare the coins.” After that, he bowed to Zhao Hai before leaving. Before long, three bags were handed over to Zhao Hai. After receiving his coins, Zhao Hai stood up.</p>

  <p>The manager followed Zhao Hai as the group left the VIP lounge. Those who haven’t left the hall looked at Zhao Hai’s group. A lot of people knew the manager, so upon seeing Zhao Hai, they knew that Zhao Hai succeeded in upgrading his card. The people couldn’t help but look at Zhao Hai with envy.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai swept his gaze through the people in the hall before faintly smiling. After following Zhao Hai out of the bank, the manager proceeded to enter return to his post.</p>

  <p>After Zhao Hai’s group left the bank, Laura turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, why did you save so much money in your card? We don’t need to buy anything, and the things here aren’t cheap at all.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Who said we won’t buy anything. We have money, so why won’t we spend it? After all, the money we spend is mine.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing this, Laura and the others stared. Then they quickly understood what Zhao Hai meant. They looked at each other and smiled. Zhao Hai intends to throw money away. This wasn’t the first time that he’d done this, it was quite normal.</p>

  <p>Megan looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Big Brother Hai, what do you want to buy?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I want to buy a lot of things. For example, books about magic formations and magic armors. Magic armors themselves, and also some cars. It’ll be good if we could buy energy source machines as well. As long as I like it, then I will buy it.”</p>

  <p>Megan understood Zhao Hai’s sentiment. To be honest, after seeing the things inside the Atlanta Plane, they couldn’t help but feel envious. They also wanted to have some of the things here. At the same time, Zhao Hai would also like to provide the people inside the Space with the goods from the Atlanta Plane.</p>

  <p>After seeing the others’ reactions, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but have a huge smile on his face, “Let’s go and find a hotel first. Then let’s think about what to do next.”</p>

  <p>As he said that, Zhao Hai stepped into the road and waved. Laura and the others didn’t understand Zhao Hai’s action. But unexpectedly, an orange vehicle stopped in front of Zhao Hai. It wasn’t a very huge car. It had a sign ‘Taxi’ on its side.</p>

  <p>There were three rows of seats inside the car. It looked very well maintained. Zhao Hai opened the door for Laura and the others. After they got in, Zhao Hai sat next to the driver and said, “Take us to the best hotel in town.”</p>

  <p>As soon as the taxi driver heard this, he couldn’t help but gawk. Then his expression turned ecstatic as he quickly replied, “Alright, Mister can sit tight.” After that, the taxi drove forward. After a few turns, they stopped in front of a big hotel.</p>

  <p>When the taxi stopped, a staff from the hotel immediately came over. Then he opened the door for Zhao Hai’s group.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nonchalantly tossed a gold coin over to the taxi driver. The taxi driver repeatedly thanked Zhao Hai, but Zhao Hai didn’t care much about it as he walked towards the hotel.</p>

  <p>The hotel staff quickly caught up with Zhao Hai and opened the hotel’s door for him. Before entering the hotel, Zhao Hai tossed another gold coin towards the hotel staff.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t know how popular tipping culture was in the Atlanta Plane. However, rather than being judged by not tipping, he might as well give everyone tips.</p>

  <p>When the hotel staff received the gold coin, he immediately expressed his gratitude towards Zhao Hai. It’s evident that tipping was a custom in this place, but a gold coin was also too much.</p>

  <p>As soon as Zhao Hai’s group entered the hotel, a female concierge immediately met him. She bowed towards Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, welcome. Does Mister have a reservation?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I don’t. We just arrived at this place today. So we haven’t had the chance.”</p>

  <p>The female staff nodded and said, “Mister, come with me.” Then she led Zhao Hai to the reception area. The female reception staff behind the counter bowed and said, “Mister Welcome to our hotel. Do you want to take a room or do you want to dine at our restaurant?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Give me your best room. Somewhere that I can live together with my wives.”</p>

  <p>The female staff smiled and said, “Alright, Mister can rest assured. Our best accommodation has ten rooms inside, a dining room, living room, conference room, a swimming pool, a bar, and a fitness room. It can definitely match mister’s requests.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “Alright, give me that room.”</p>

  <p>The female staff nodded, then she said, “I’ll have to ask Mister’s ID Card.” Then Zhao Hai handed his ID card over. The female staff registered Zhao Hai’s ID card before giving Zhao Hai the room key.</p>

  <p>After Zhao Hai received the key, the group was led &#160;by the staff towards the elevator. When everyone had entered, the staff pressed the button for the top floor.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the elevator button, the top floor turned out to be 55. It was quite high. Meanwhile, Laura and the others were looking at the elevator with curiosity.</p>

  <p>Upon entering their accomodation, the staff proceeded to introduce each room and facility. Then after receiving the tip from Zhao Hai, the staff left with a happy face.</p>

  <p>Laura and the others looked at their room with curiosity. Zhao Hai smiled faintly and didn’t say anything. He just went to the balcony and looked at the cityscape.</p>

  <p>The city had the flavor of a huge metropolis. Moreover, there were a lot of high-rise buildings that were constructed and being constructed. From the hotel’s balcony, one would feel like he was standing on top of the mountain, overlooking everything underneath.</p>

  <p>At this time, after looking at the rooms, Laura and the others went to Zhao Hai’s side and said, “Brother Hai, this place is very good. Everything is beautiful.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “If you really like it, we can stay inside a science and technology background for a few days. They also have rooms like these.”</p>

  <p>Laura and the others happily nodded. Meanwhile, Zhao Hai just smiled and didn’t say anything else. Metropolis cities just like this one were only attractive because of the people living in them. If you have a city like this but have no people, you would soon feel like you’re living inside a ghost town.</p>

  <p>After looking at the rooms, Zhao Hai turned to Laura and the others and said, “Let’s go and eat something. Then we’ll head out and buy things.” Laura and the others nodded, then they proceeded to follow Zhao Hai. Upon arriving at the elevator, Zhao Hai looked at the elevator staff and said, “Take us to the restaurant.” The staff nodded before pressing the button with the number ‘30’ in it.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai and the others came out of the elevator, the waiter of the restaurant immediately came over and settled them down on a table. Zhao Hai causally ordered some dishes before the waiter retreated.</p>

  <p>One must say that the restaurant food of the hotel were very good. After having eaten their meal, Zhao Hai’s group went to the hotel’s lobby.</p>

  <p>Just as the group arrived at the lobby, a man dressed in decent formal clothes came over and said, “Mister, hello. I am the hotel’s lobby manager. Does Mister have any requests for the hotel?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled towards the hotel manager and said, “Hi. Me and my wives would like to buy some cars. Can you help us with this matter?”</p>

  <p>The lobby manager immediately replied, “Mister can rest assured, we know exactly where you want to be.” After that, the person next to the manager took Zhao Hai outside of the hotel. Outside, there was a limousine already waiting for them.</p>

  <p>The hotel manager personally opened the door for Zhao Hai before asking Zhao Hai to go in. Zhao Hai’s group entered the limousine and saw that it was a really good car. The interior of the car was quite spacious. It could accommodate about a dozen people inside. There was also a refrigerator as well as an audio device.</p>

  <p>Laura and the others were curiously inspecting the car. After some time, Laura turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, I thought that we already had good carriages back in the Ark Continent. But compared to this, they still fall short.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly without saying anything. To be honest, among everyone here, his mood was the most complex. Although it can be said that he enjoyed his time after transmigrating, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but feel strange after arriving at the Atlanta Plane. Even if there were no connections between the Atlanta Plane and Earth, they were still quite similar. Zhao Hai thought about his time in the Atlanta Plane and compared it with his time on Earth. Back on Earth, Zhao Hai didn’t enjoy much of his life. He was an otaku with no merit to his name. He had seen limousines on the television and has hoped to ride it one day. So while Zhao Hai was sitting inside the car, his heart couldn’t help but feel incomparably strange.</p>

  <p>While Laura and the others explored the limousine, Zhao Hai just sat and looked out the window. His thoughts returned back to his time on Earth. The Atlanta Plane made him recall his previous life, both the good and the bad. It was at this time where Zhao Hai realized that there were some things that you would appreciate only when you lose it. Whether it be good or bad things, one would still think fondly upon it. Although there were a lot of negatives in his life on Earth, although there were no major events, it was still his original life.</p>

  <p>Laura and the others discovered that Zhao Hai wasn’t too enthusiastic. They stopped chatting as they sat beside Zhao Hai. Laura looked at Zhao Hai and asked, “Brother Hai, what’s wrong? Why do you look unhappy?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at their eyes and smiled, “It’s nothing. But I just thought of thanking the heavens that I run into all of you. Meeting you is the luckiest thing that happened to me.”</p>

  <p>Laura and the others smiled. They knew that something must be in Zhao Hai’s mind. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have said this out of the blue. Laura looked at Zhao Hai and asked, “Brother Hai, what happened?”</p>
</body>
</html>