<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 431: Another Reason</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I also heard about this from the information Megan’s family had acquired. They said that the enemy wasn’t really trying to break into the city, they were waiting for me. Hehe. I think they wanted to get the both of us in one fell swoop.”</p>

  <p>Evan frowned, he knew about the Calci Family, they were more formidable than his Purcell Family. Information obtained from such an established family would certainly be real, it seems like the siege’s aim this time was both him and Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>From the passing years, Evan has already shed some of his warrior parts. After hearing about this matter he knew that the enemy attacked him to pressure him to send Zhao Hai a letter asking for help. WIth this, they could eliminate Zhao Hai and him at the same time.</p>

  <p>Thinking about this, Evan’s face couldn’t help but change. With an apologetic face, he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, I had been inconsiderate this time, I have involved you. How about this, I’ll go distract them while you leave Purcell Duchy immediately. I will also have some juniors of the family come with you. No matter what, the blood of the Purcell Family shouldn’t be extinguished.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared for a moment before he understood Evan’s words. He smiled faintly and said, “Escape? Why must I escape? This time, not only would I not run away, I have also brought my Buda Clan’s Wild Dragon War Banner. This time, I will make the people on the continent know that my Buda Clan hasn’t fallen yet, and that we have re-emerged.”</p>

  <p>Just after he said that, a loud ‘Bang’ was heard. Zhao Hai turned and saw Ruyen standing in front of the living room door. His words made her drop the pot of tea she was holding to the ground.</p>

  <p>Ruyen has heard that Zhao Hai come. This time, when Zhao Hai appeared, she knew that he was a genuine friend of the Purcell Family. Adding on to the fact that she was under the care of Zhao Hai when she was returning from Rosen Empire, Ruyen wanted to express her gratitude to him. Therefore, she had a servant hand over a pot of tea since she wanted serve Evan and Zhao Hai a cup. But she didn’t think that when she arrived in front of the door, she heard Zhao Hai just as he delivered his speech. From what she got, Zhao Hai was actually a person of the Buda Clan. Zhao Hai had already revealed his identity, he was actually her former fiancee, Adam Buda!</p>

  <p>When Evan and Zhao Hai turned their heads and saw Ruyen, Evan’s face couldn’t help but sink, he said. “You came? Come over and greet Little Hai.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stood up and gazed calmy at Ruyen, then he gave a bow and said, “Miss Ruyen seems well. Zhao Hai gives his greetings to Miss Ruyen.”</p>

  <p>Looking at Zhao Hai, Ruyen used all of her courage and asked, “Your surname is Buda? Are you Adam?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai showed a faint smile and said, “I am indeed surnamed Buda. Adam was my former name, I go by the name of Zhao Hai now.”</p>

  <p>Ruyen felt that she didn’t have the face to see Zhao Hai, she covered her face and turned around to run. At the same time, while she was getting farther away, the sound of weeping can be heard.[1]</p>

  <p>Seeing this development, Zhao Hai was left not knowing what to do. He really didn’t expect this to happen, at this time Evan talked, “Well, let’s just leave her to herself. Little Hai, did you really bring the Wild Dragon Banner? Little Hai, listen to me, you must escape, 9th rank experts aren’t people you can deal with.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai just smiled faintly and replied, “What’s great about 9th rank experts? Rest assured, even if the other party sends 9th ranks, I can deal with them, no problem. Let’s rest first, tomorrow, I’ll go with you to the walls and declare that the Buda Clan has come back.”</p>

  <p>Evan looked at Zhao Hai’s face and sighed, he didn’t know what else to say. He just gave a nod and said, “Alright, go rest for this evening, we’ll head to the walls tomorrow.” After looking at the situation from the wall tomorrow, he believed that Zhao Hai would know the enormity of the situation. At that time, he would try to persuade Zhao Hai to escape again, he believed that Zhao Hai would agree.</p>

  <p>Evan didn’t think that Zhao Hai would be so strong. He thought that Zhao Hai would look at the attackers and decide that battling them wasn’t possible. As long as Zhao Hai can be persuaded, Evan can have the young generation join him in retreat.</p>

  <p>While Evan was dwelling on the scenarios on his mind, Zhao Hai turned his head to Laura and Megan and then smiled, “Tomorrow, I’ll head to the walls to take a look. Then I’ll go dispatch the troops to deal with them. Let’s see what other plans they have. The two of you should head to the Space and look at the situation in the monitor, just in case they other party sends 9th ranks after me. Don’t come out.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded, “Alright, we’ll just look at your actions there. But Brother Hai, this time, shouldn’t you invite Grandpa Green? This time, our reappearance in the continent would be a key moment of the Buda Clan, Grandpa Green should be present right?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai though for a moment and said, “That would be good. Let’s go invite Grandpa Green.” Then the group immediately want to Iron Mountain Fort to tell Green about this matter.</p>

  <p>Green immediately agreed and also proposed to include Merine as well, Zhao Hai agreed. In the same day, Green and Merine went to the Space. While Zhao Hai’s group was resting in the Space, Green and Merine wasn’t, they had been waiting for this day for quite a long time. And since it was just around the corner, the two were too excited to fall asleep.</p>

  <p>&#160;The next morning, after Zhao Hai and the others woke up, they immediately went out of the Space. Green and Merine didn’t eat their meals inside the Space, they knew that Evan would certainly ask them to eat with him.</p>

  <p>Sure enough, not long after they reappeared in the mansion, Evan sent someone to invite Zhao Hai and the others. Zhao Hai immediately led Green and the others to exit from the courtyard.</p>

  <p>When they came out, the servants couldn’t help but stare at Zhao Hai’s group. This was because of the two additions, Green and Merine. The servants certainly didn’t misremember the faces on the group. However, they knew that they didn’t have anything to do with it so they just welcomed Zhao Hai to the dining room.</p>

  <p>When they arrived at the dining hall, Evan couldn’t help but stare blankly. Naturally, he knew Green and Merine, he just didn’t think that they would be appearing here today.</p>

  <p>Evan immediately went forward with haste, he respectfully gave a salute and said, “Uncle Green, Aunt Merine, when did you two arrive? I was just about to ask Little Hai as to why the two of you aren’t present. I was afraid that the two of you are too busy, I didn’t expect to see the two of you today, this is fantastic!”</p>

  <p>Green gave a faint smile while giving Evan a small bow, “Young Master Evan, without your help, our Buda Clan may not have survived this long. Let this old man express his gratitude in behalf of the Clan.”</p>

  <p>Evan quickly replied, “Uncle Green, I wouldn’t dare accept your bow, do you want to shorten my longevity? Let’s not talk about this anymore, come and sit with me. I’ve already prepared the meal, moreover I have something to tell the two of you.” Then Evan led the group inside the room.</p>

  <p>“……..”</p>

  <p>Evan’s arguments were very solid, Green and Merine understood where Evan was getting at. In all honesty, if they didn’t have their current capabilities, Green and Merine would surely follow what Evan suggested. But this time, their Clan’s strength was more than enough to deal with the enemies.</p>

  <p>Thus, Green looked at Evan with a faint smile, “Young Master Evan, you can rest assured. This time, me and Merine didn’t come because we want the Young Master to leave, but to witness the Buda Clan’s Wild Dragon Banner fluttering again. Don’t worry, dealing with four 9th ranks aren’t a problem, the 200 thousand troops aren’t as well. This time, we’re here to let the continent know about our return, as well as make those who plan to offend us shudder at the mention of the Buda Clan.”</p>

  <p>Evan looked at Green, he didn’t think those words would come from Green, he replied, “Uncle Green, this is a 9th rank expert! 9th rank!”</p>

  <p>Green smiled, “I know, rest assured, as long as they send four 9th ranks or less, you won’t even need to send Senior Origin Sword Saint. Those 8th ranks are nothing as well. Right, no need to talk about these right now, we’ll eat first. After eating we’ll head towards the city wall to take a look.”</p>

  <p>When Evan looked at Green and Merine’s confident appearance, he couldn’t help but calm down. He knew that the two weren’t impulsive people. Their initial purpose was to protect Zhao Hai’s poor life, protect the Buda Clan, and because of this, they even regarded Zhao Hia’s life with more importance than their own. Therefore, how could they allow Zhao Hai to take such a risk? For them to agree with Zhao Hai’s action, that mean that they were fully confident this time.</p>

  <p>Thinking about this, Evan’s heart couldn’t help but loosen. But he also felt confusion, he knew clearly that the strongest experts of the Buda Clan were Green and Merine. Although they were formidable themselves, they weren’t 9th rank experts. But the enemy has 9th rank experts, maybe even four 9th rank experts. Can they contend with them? Did they get the support of another 9th rank? But that couldn’t be it, a single 9th rank cannot go against four. In the end, what were the cards of the Buda Clan?</p>

  <p>…</p>

  <p>Evan invited Zhao Hai’s group for breakfast today, however, he didn’t include his family. He knew that the people in the Purcell family weren’t very much in Zhao Hai’s good books. When the Buda Clan had lost their home, those people didn’t give the clan any face. Meeting them right now would be very embarrassing.</p>

  <p>After eating their meal, the group was led by Evan to walk towards the City Wall. Casa City was now on a state of Martial Law, there weren’t any commoners seen walking around the city, instead, groups of warriors were seen patrolling the streets.</p>

  <p>But the garrison troops of Casa City weren’t a lot, all in all they just numbered 20 thousand people. They were initially sent in order to protect the Grand Duke’s Mansion. The majority of the Purcell Family’s forces were in Iron Mountain Fortress, guarding the Duchy from the Beastman raids. With most of their troops there, the troops inside Casa City weren’t that much. If not for Casa City’s walls being thick, then they feared that the city may have already fallen.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai and the others got up on the city wall, they saw that some of its parts were damaged. From those damages, one can see that the source was magic, while some were from magical cannons as well as ballistas.</p>

  <p>Stood on the walls were the garrison troops. The troops were composed of the Purcell Family’s elites. If not for them, Casa City wouldn’t have stood to this day.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gazed outwards, at this time, the entire city was completely encircled by something, probably the doing of Earth Mages. Outside the City, numerous depressions were seen on the ground, probably placed there in order to stop cavalry charges coming from Casa City. It really seems like they really want to place Evan’s family in dire straits.</p>

  <p>After looking at the situation outside the city, Zhao Hai turned his head to Evan and said, “Uncle Evan, it has been some time since those people started to besiege the city, did you really not have any reinforcements?”</p>

  <p>Evan smiled bitterly, “How could it be impossible to have reinforcements? But in the end those troops were rendered useless. In addition to the 100 thousand troops laying siege here, there was another 100 thousand who were actively blocking off all the reinforcements. In addition to our reinforcements, the noble families that we have good relations with were suppressed by the empire. They simply couldn’t come and help us, we’re really at a loss at this time.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “Boris’ preparation this time is indeed very adequate. When he attacked Ruyen last time, I should have already been mindful, I just didn’t think that he would attack the Purcell Family immediately. Upon further consideration, the Purcell Family really didn’t have any enmity with him, moreover, the family is an established noble clan, nobody would dare go this hard on you. I actually didn’t expect that someone would be this brazen, they were ruthless as well, to think that they are thinking about extinguishing the family.”</p>

  <p>Evan shook his head while forcing a smile, “This time’s matter shouldn’t all be because of you. Moreover, our Purcell Family didn’t buy Boris’ purpose. Looking at Boris’ recent actions, it seems like he wanted to act against some nobles for quite some time. His goals just seemed to coincide with this matter, therefore, he decided to begin with me.”</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">* * *</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai, breaking hearts of men and women ever since transmigrating.</p>
</body>
</html>