<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1065: Tiande’s Past Life</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded before asking once more, “How do you know all of this?”</p>

  <p>When Tiande heard Zhao Hai’s question, the dried up skin on his face twitched unconsciously. Then he sighed and said, “Replying to the Young Master. I wasn’t born a zombie back in the Cultivation Realm. I was a disciple of an orthodox sect, a sword sect. It was only later on that I was refined into a zombie.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s brow couldn’t help but go up. He looked at Tiande and said, “Continue.”</p>

  <p>Tiande nodded, “Although my sword sect isn’t a strong influence in the Cultivation Realm, it was still a medium-grade sect, it is still quite powerful. I was deemed as a talent in the sect. At age 20, I reached body tempering. At age 21, I successfully entered qi condensation. There were a lot of people in the sect that called me a rare talent.” After he said that, Tiande’s eyes turn red as he recalled his life.</p>

  <p>Killing intent can be seen on Tiande’s eyes as he continued to recall, his voice became colder and colder, “But I didn’t expect that my outstanding talent would actually draw me into a fatal disaster. An Elder of our sect had a sole grandson that was practically a waste. Ying Ran ate precious medicinal pills while he was growing up. But despite this, he only had the same strength as me when he reached the age of 20. If I consumed those pills instead, then I would have already been a foundation establishment expert. It was because of this fact that Ying Ran became jealous of me. In the end, he used his grandfather’s influence to issue a mission that would kill me in the end. At that time, I wasn’t aware of the real goal of the mission. It was already too late when I found out that I was supposed to deal with a famous Nascent Soul demonic expert. Ghost Hand Merchant, Jia Dingtian!”</p>

  <p>Tiande gave out a sigh before continuing, “Although this Jia Dingtian is already at a Nascent Soul stage, he still kept with his ruthlessness. Moreover, he was an assassin in the Cultivation Realm. He would accept cash in return for his service. He also had a formidable demonic art, Living Corpse Refining Technique.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing this, Zhao Hai’s heart couldn’t help but turn cold. Judging by its name, the Living Corpse Refining Technique should be a sinister method. But Zhao Hai didn’t disturb Tiande as he continued, “As its name suggests, the Living Corpse Refining Technique refines a living person’s body. Not only would the corpse retain its soul, it would also have all of its memories, even some emotions. The process of refinement was very painful. Moreover, you can feel it all the time!”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but feel cold. He doesn’t know the exact process of refining, but he can be certain that retaining a person’s memories and emotions wouldn’t be an easy process. It might even be multiple times more painful than being burned alive.</p>

  <p>Tiande went on, “When I was captured by Ghost Hand Merchant Jia Dingtian, he used his technique in order to refine my living body. While in the process, he told me that the sect’s elder was the one who wanted me killed. However, the Elder didn’t give the instruction to turn me into a living corpse. Instead, it was the Elder’s Grandson who wanted me refined.”</p>

  <p>After speaking up to here, Tiande let out a long breath and then said, “After being refined into a living corpse, I was no longer able to progress in my cultivation. I was at Qi Condensation stage before I was refined. Low-ranked living corpses like me had little to no use in the Cultivation Realm. But this time, the Myriad Treasures Pavillion actually needed low-level corpses. Because of this, Jia Dingtian sold me to the Pavillion.”</p>

  <p>Tiande let out another long breath, “The Myriad Treasures Pavillion refined me once again. Moreover, from what I could hear, their secret technique involves separating my soul and my body. Then they would deliver my body to the Underworld first before attaching my soul to a inferior-grade artifact and then sending it second. The artifact would be attracted to my body by using my soul. Before long, my soul and body were reunited. This is how I ended up living in the Underworld.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t expect Tiande to go through all these twists and turns. He immediately asked, “Once you arrived in the Underworld, aren’t you able to separate from the pavilion’s control?”</p>

  <p>Tiande shook his head, “I cannot. While the Myriad Treasures Pavillion refined me, they gave heavy emphasis on restricting my soul. If I dared to break their control, then that restriction would activate, dissipating my soul, killing me instantly.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knit his brows, “If what I heard was right, then could the pavilion send countless people like you in the Underworld?”</p>

  <p>Tiande shook his head, “I’m afraid it would be impossible. After all the years I spent here, I discovered that the Underworld was changing bit by bit. Even in the past it would still be very hard. If I hadn’t arranged the transmission formation right after I arrived in the Underworld, then I might have completely lost contact with the Cultivation Realm. The Yin Wind Ghost Emperor should be aware of these changes as well since it looks like he could no longer send energy to his incarnation. After seeing his incarnation restricting itself inside the Temple, I knew that there must be a problem.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai began to relax. To be honest, the things that Tiande spoke about gave Zhao Hai a scare. He looked up to the people in the Cultivation Realm, eager to see them. But after hearing Tiande, he knew that the Cultivation Realm was much more dangerous than he expected. The capabilities of the Cultivators seem to be much more ruthless than he thought.</p>

  <p>Regarding the changes that Tiande said, Zhao Hai could affirm that it was because of the Giant Heart. All this time, the Giant Heart had been working hard to defend itself. Because of this, the Underworld went through changes year after year. It seems like the results were remarkable, even Tiande was able to sense that the Underworld was different from before.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai was still curious, so he asked Tiande, “How are you able to sense that the Underworld was different?”</p>

  <p>Tiande replied, “Replying to the Young Master. As time went by, I began to feel that the Cultivation Realm’s control over me had decreased. Moreover, aside from the transmission formation, they lost all their means to give me commands. When I first came to the Underworld, they were still able to use their Divine Sense to control me. But now it has become impossible.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he said, “I’ve already destroyed that transmission formation. The link you have to the Cultivation Realm has also been erased. You don’t need to worry about it anymore.”&#160;</p>

  <p>Tiande gave Zhao Hai a bow, “Tiande thanks the Young Master. If not for the Young Master, then I might not be able to see this day.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai waved his hand as he inquired once more, “Didn’t you say that your memories had been preserved? So do you still remember the cultivation methods of your sect?”</p>

  <p>Tiande immediately replied, “Young Master can rest assured, I remember them all.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but feel happy, “Good, then you should stay with Cai’er and recall every cultivation method you have. Write down what you know about the Cultivation Realm as well.”</p>

  <p>Tiande complied before following Cai’er. Zhao Hai stood up and walked out of his room. Before long, he arrived in the living room. Laura and the others were still playing. They had nothing else to do, so they decided to play with the Undead.</p>

  <p>The Undead were under Lizzy and Megan’s control. If they wanted the Undead to attack, then they would attack; and if they wanted them to defend, then the Undead would defend. Because of this, they had a jolly time controlling the Undead army.</p>

  <p>The reason why they weren’t catching Undead like before was because the Space’ Undead had already reached an astonishing 50 billion. It was already a lot, there was no need to be frantic in taking in more.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the monitor and saw that here weren’t a lot of Neutral Alliance Undead left. He smiled before saying, “Alright, you can stop playing around, clean them all up.”</p>

  <p>When Laura and the others heard this, they turned their heads. They were too immersed in their game that they failed to notice that Zhao Hai had come back. Now that Zhao Hai suddenly spoke, they couldn’t help but be surprised.</p>

  <p>Laura hastily stood up and said, “Brother Hai, you’re back? When did you return?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I returned a while ago. But after seeing you having fun, I decided not to disturb you. I just finished talking with Tiande, I didn’t expect that you would still be playing. Alright, it’s time to tidy up. You can play later, the Underworld already belongs to us.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Laura and the others looked at each other and cheered. They had waited for this day for a long time, now they finally achieved their goal.</p>

  <p>The Underworld was different compared to the other places. Places like the Ark Continent could have their laws destroyed. Once its laws were destroyed, then it would become like an unguarded city. On the other hand, the Underworld had a special environment that didn’t allow beings that weren’t Undead. At the same time, the Giant Heart was here, changing the plane bit by bit. There was no arguing that the Underworld was the best place to be their base.</p>

  <p>Naturally, nobody else would want to make the Underworld their base, even the people from the Cultivation Realm. If someone stays in the Underworld for too long, they would eventually succumb to the plane’s death energy. If they don’t turn into Undead immediately, then they would turn into a deranged demon before dying.</p>

  <p>And in addition to the Dark Mist, it would also be impossible for them to cultivate here. Therefore, this was a plane that nobody really wanted to be in.</p>

  <p>The reason the Yin Wind Ghost Emperor came to the Underworld was because he wanted to gather subordinates while also gaining faith power.</p>

  <p>However, after the transformations caused by the Giant heart, the Yin Wind Ghost Emperor could no longer gather subordinates, he could only collect faith power.</p>

  <p>And now that the Dark Temple has been ruined, faith power could no longer be collected. Also, it would now be impossible for the Ghost Emperor to go back to the Underworld. It can be said that the Underworld was now in Zhao Hai’s hands.</p>

  <p>While it was useless and harmful to others, this didn’t matter to Zhao Hai. He has the Space, therefore he can take the Underworld as his back garden. Not only could it provide Zhao Hai with ores, special plants, and endless subordinates, it could also provide faith power in the future. These were all things that the people from the Cultivation Realm wanted. And now it was in Zhao Hai’s hands.</p>

  <p>Laura and the others were also clear about the Underworld’s importance. Because of this, they were happy after hearing the news.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at their expressions and smiled, “Alright, now go finish everything up.” Lizzy and Megan nodded before commanding the army to end the fight.</p>

  <p>Not too long after that, the Neutral Alliance fell.</p>

  <p>After the Undead were cleaned up, Zhao Hai waved his hand and called Addison in. Addison had a look of joy as he faced Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Addison’s expression and smiled, “Addison, now that the Underworld is ours, I want to hear your opinion. You have two choices. First choice is to enter the Hell Space. You should be very clear that practicing in the Hell Space is much more effective than here in the Underworld. Your other choice is staying in the Underworld, helping me manage the place, becoming the Lord of the Underworld. Besides me, all the other Undead would listen to you. This isn’t relaxed work and it might affect your cultivation.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Addison couldn’t help but chuckle. Then he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, you can forget about the first option. I will stay here in the Underworld to manage it. If I’m here, then I would bring better benefits to you. Although it might seem like I chose this because of your preferences, but I am really willing to manage the Underworld. Even if I spend my entire life doing so, I would still be willing. This is because the Young Master has given us Undead an identity, treating us as our own race. For Young Master’s sake, I will do everything.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Addison, he smiled faintly and said, “Alright, Addison, I understand your decision. You can stay here in the Underworld. But you can rest assured, after I ascend to the Cultivation Realm, I will certainly seek cultivation methods for you to use. When the time comes, you can practice here in the Underworld. If you manage to get stronger, I can pick you up at any time.”</p>

  <p>Addison’s eyes shone. He stood up and gave Zhao Hai a bow, “Thank you, Young Master. Rest assured, I will properly manage the Underworld.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai laughed. He patted Addison’s shoulder and said, “Alright, you go settle things in the Underworld. After all, this is now your domain.”</p>
</body>
</html>