<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 520: Arriving at Beast God City</h3>

  <p>When Zhao Hai heard the Black Bear Patriarch, he couldn’t help but smile faintly and said, “Before, they wanted my food. But when I told them about the war, they decided to not buy the remaining food.”</p>

  <p>The Black Bear Patriarch stared for a moment before his complexion changed, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “What? Did they dare to dishonor an agreement? Alright, tomorrow I’ll go and settle accounts with that Old malnourished Wolf.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai immediately shook his head and said, “No, no. I already expected this before informing the Old Wolf King. You should know that their situation is much worse than the Black Bear tribe. Therefore, I told them that they might go into war and gain food there. Because of that, they decided to not buy the other food in my hands.”</p>

  <p>The Black Bear Patriarch looked at Zhao Hai curiously before saying, “Little Hai, why would you do that? You are a Merchant, wouldn’t it be better if they buy your food?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Not really. To tell you the truth, I really didn’t plan to sell those Bread Fruits to the Prairie. I can sell them elsewhere, and for more profit. Since the Prairie Wolf tribe are your friends, then they are my friends as well. I don’t really need to cheaply profit off of them. What I want is long-term cooperation with the Beastmen. For this goal to be attained, I couldn’t offend the Prairie Wolf tribe.”</p>

  <p>The Black Bear Patriarch stared at Zhao Hai for a moment before he laughed and continually patted Zhao Hai’s shoulder. If this was in the past, Zhao Hai might not have been able to bear this beating. However, he was now an 8th rank expert and also had his body repeatedly strengthened by the Space. At this time, he doesn’t feel anything from the pats of the Black Bear Patriarch, instead he even felt that two of them had gotten more intimate.</p>

  <p>The banquet went very smoothly, especially for the Black Bear Patriarch. Even if he calls the Old Wolf King bad names, one could see that the relationship between the two was very good.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s performance towards the Prairie Wolves also made the Black Bear Patriarch happy. Because of Zhao Hai’s actions this time, the Black Bear Patriarch can see that Zhao Hai was really the Beastmen’s friend. At the very least, he doesn’t look down on them like any other Human.</p>

  <p>After the banquet, Zhao Hai and the others were already quite tipsy. Since, they didn’t have anything else left to do, Zhao Hai and the others returned to their tent and immediately drank two cups of Spatial Water. At the same time, Zhao Hai also informed Laura and the others about the changes inside the Space.</p>

  <p>Although the Space didn’t level up, the changes inside were very big. Compared to the past where the only thing that they could feel was warmth, the Space was now more comfortable and more alive.</p>

  <p>The most important thing was the change towards the farming grounds. Even if the growth of the plants on the farming ground weren’t slow, with the addition of the sun, it became even faster. It also seems like the plants looked much healthier than before.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and the others were happy with this development. With the changes in the Space, they can also feel that the energy inside became thicker than before. At the same time, the energies were also more active.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was very satisfied with the Space’s transformation, he slept very well that night. The next morning, Zhao Hai bade farewells towards the Black Bear Patriarch. No matter what, they needed to head towards Beast God City, they had someone waiting for them there.</p>

  <p>Mendez and Buffon didn’t follow them and returned to their respective tribes. This time, their plans were very successful. The Herculean Bulls had gained a powerful ally with the Black Bear Tribe. For the Herculean Bulls, this development was great.</p>

  <p>Buffon’s main task was just to escort Zhao Hai as well as help Mendez gain a good relationship with the Black Bear Tribe. However, he also gained a lot from this trip. At the very least, he already saw that Zhao Hai had gotten the friendship flag of the Black Bear tribe. The Mastiff tribe can use this information to convince the other Dog-headed Tribe leaders that Zhao Hai was a good friend.</p>

  <p>During the trip, Zhao Hai was inside the body of Alien. However, one could see that there were flags erected on top of the undead beast’s body. There was the Herculean Bull’s King’s flag, the Big-bellied Pig Tribe’s friendship flag and the Black Bear tribe’s friendship flag. Even if Zhao Hai had a Dog-headed race’s flag, it was just a common flag, so it was basically useless. He also had the Giant-horned Bull’s friendship flag, however, he was already the Cow-headed Race’s prince, erecting that flag was just redundant.</p>

  <p>Even so, the sight was amazing. The Herculean Bull’s King’s flag represented the entirety of the Cow-headed Race. The Beastmen regarded face very heavily. This was because they knew that once their face gets dragged into the mud, their race would get annexed by other races.</p>

  <p>If people dared to touch Zhao Hai, this would mean that they were offending the Royal tribe of the Cow-headed race. This would mobilize the entire Cow-headed race, and their strength wasn’t something to be scoffed at.</p>

  <p>Additionally, he also had the Black Bear Tribe’s friendship flag. This flag held greater importance. Even if it was only a friendship flag, this flag represented that Zhao Hai was a true friend to the Black Bears. If Zhao Hai were to be bullied and was made known to the Black Bear Tribe, then one could be sure that the Black Bears wouldn’t just sit by and do nothing.</p>

  <p>Although the impact of the Big-bellied Pig tribe’s friendship flag wasn’t very great, it also indicated that Zhao Hai had been recognized by the Big-bellied Pig tribe. This was also something noteworthy to other Beastmen.</p>

  <p>It can be said that even if the Beastmen and the Humans did go to war, there would be no Beastman who would act against Zhao Hai. It was because they would be offending multiple tribes while doing so, and nobody wanted to do such thing.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s target right now was Beast God City. Therefore, he didn’t go and deliberately contact every Beastman camp that he came across. Of course, proper contact was also necessary.</p>

  <p>The distance between the Black Bear Tribe’s domain and Beast God City wasn’t very long, one could just travel for ten days before reaching the city. For the Beastmen, Beast God City was a sacred place. The more formidable the tribe, the nearer they were to the city. This also demonstrated their status. Beast God city was also the place where Beastmen can buy things more conveniently.</p>

  <p>Because of his flags, Zhao Hai’s journey was very relaxed. All of the tribes that he met were very polite. All of them welcomed Zhao Hai as a friend.</p>

  <p>Naturally, Zhao Hai wouldn’t just let them suffer a loss. So he left behind some grain as a gift to those tribes. This act made these Beastmen happy.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and the others were also listening to rumors along the way. These rumors were about how the Radiant Church cut off all of the food heading towards the Prairie. It was directly passed on that the Radiant Church was behind this time’s food shortage.</p>

  <p>This information was something that the Wolf-headed Race, Bear-headed race, and the Dog-headed Race released together. They released this information in order to have the other races prepare, at the same time, this was also used to pressure the other Warring Races.</p>

  <p>This information was also like a dropped bomb to the Beastmen. Before long, the Beastmen in the Prairie burst into action, the entire place was boiling with anticipation. Even Zhao Hai can see the changes of the Beastmen just by looking at their eyes.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knew that if he didn’t have those three flags, then those Beastmen may have already got to him and expelled him from the Prairie.</p>

  <p>Although these Beastmen had their own internal thoughts, they still warmly received Zhao Hai’s group. This made Zhao Hai’s heart feel quite strange.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t dare release a Blood Hawk towards Beast God City at this time. Beast God City always had at least ten 9th rank experts in it all the time. Even if the Blood Hawk has become very strong, it cannot defeat a 9th rank expert. If the 9th rank experts misunderstand, then Zhao Hai’s troubles wouldn’t be very small.</p>

  <p>The other races should have already known about his Blood Hawk. Although he was now the Prince of the Herculean Bulls as well as a friend of the Black Bears, the 9th rank experts guarding the City wouldn’t’ let him off if he dared to release a Blood Hawk right now.</p>

  <p>After travelling for 10 days, Zhao Hai had finally arrived at Beast God City. What surprised Zhao Hai the most was the fact that the more they got closer to the city, the less they heard rumors about the Radiant Church and the food shortage. When he arrived at Beast God City, nobody was talking about it, this made Zhao Hai confused.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai’s thoughts were interrupted when he finally saw the famous Beast God City. The city had both the colors of green and red. With what Zhao Hai saw, the city seemed like a beast that was lying there, prepared to attack anyone who dared offend it.</p>

  <p>As he came closer and closer to the city walls, Zhao Hai noticed that the pressure increased. Although Beast God City was just like any other stone city, it’s dark-red hue made people feel immense pressure.</p>

  <p>Beast God City’s walls weren’t as tall as Carson City. The walls of the city was only about ten zhang(33m) high. However, since the city was placed on a flat and barren Prairie, it looked relatively tall.</p>

  <p>Beast God City looked very lively. While he was yet to arrive at the City, Zhao Hai can already see tents people all around.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the tents and couldn’t help but feel strange. However, he also knew that building houses in the Prairie was much harder than making houses in Human territory. Tents were much more common here.</p>

  <p>Before long, Zhao Hai arrived near a clump of tents. He could see Human merchants entering and leaving the tents here.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai had Alien stop before he walked out of Alien’s body. He wasn’t afraid of causing panic among the Humans, but instead he didn’t want the other Beastmen in the city to have an opportunity to blame him. It wasn’t a wise move to offend the Beastmen at this place.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai went out of Alien, he immediately received the undead. Then he walked on foot towards the city. At this time, a carriage was fast approaching &#160;Beast God City. This carriage was pulled along by a 4th rank Magic Beast Tiger-tailed Horse. The fighting strength of this Magic Beast was good. Even if it wasn’t the best when it came to speed, its strength was placed on the top among the 4th rank Magic Beasts.</p>
</body>
</html>