<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 699: Dwarf Race</h3>

  <p>Citizens of Demon City have already withdrawn, so even if the army had moved in, there were still a lot of unoccupied space inside the City. Because of this, it didn’t take too long for Besmir to arrange three separate areas for the reinforcements to settle in.</p>

  <p>Moreover, Besmir has sent word that the Dwarves will be coming soon. He told the people to not provoke the Dwarves since their temperaments aren’t very good.</p>

  <p>When this information spread in the city, the people immediately expressed their reaction. All of them had the same idea as Besmir. Although it was said that there was an alliance between the Humans and the other races in order to resist the Demons, a long time has passed without any reinforcements coming. This made the defenders think that this was just a rumor that was disseminated by the major empires of the continent. And at the same time, Zhao Hai’s presence here was only to calm their worries. They didn’t think that the other races would actually send some troops to help defend the city.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t care about these reactions. After Besmir arranged the living areas, he immediately took Berry to inspect them. When there weren’t any problems, Zhao Hai led Berry outside the city as he opened a spatial rift allowing the Dwarf passage towards Demon City.</p>

  <p>The one who led the Dwarven Army was an elder, Zhao Hai believes that the name of this elder should be Julian. He was quite a young elder and his relationship with Zhao Hai was quite good.</p>

  <p>When Julian came out of the rift, he bowed to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, we have fifty thousand soldiers here as well as ten thousand iron beasts.”</p>

  <p>After Zhao Hai returned the courtesy, he smiled and said, “Alright. Follow me, I’ll be taking you to your area.”</p>

  <p>Julian nodded, then he turned around to give orders to the army. These people were the most outstanding soldiers of the Dwarven Race. All of them had their war hammers, full iron armor, and iron shield. Besides these, they also had a set of small hatchets for long-distance attacks.</p>

  <p>Before long, the fifty thousand troops and ten thousand iron beasts are ready to move. Zhao Hai looked at them and said, “Brothers, we’ll be heading to the battle quite soon. This will be the first time that we will have a cooperation with the Humans after a long time. Don’t be surprised of their gazes, they are just curious. We’ll just shock them when the battle comes. Still, if people dared to laugh at you, then don’t punch them immediately, report the matter to me first and I shall deal with it myself!”</p>

  <p>This was how Zhao Hai always talked to the Dwarves, so they were already quite used to it. When Zhao Hai finished talking, all of them issued a shout. Then they followed Zhao Hai to Demon City. While heading there, all of them were curiously looking around. Nobody could blame them, after all, they had been inside Dwarf Mountain for a very long time. It wouldn’t be strange if they were to be interested in this new place.</p>

  <p>Before long, the large unit approached Demon City. When the soldiers in the city spotted Zhao Hai’s group, they didn’t move and just stood there because of the instruction that they had just received. However, all of them couldn’t help but stretch their necks in curiosity. On the other hand, the adventurers weren’t very disciplined and just went towards the walls and looked at the Dwarves. But nobody dared to say a word, all of them knew about the temperament of the Dwarves as well as Zhao Hai’s orders. If they dared to say anything, then Zhao Hai definitely wouldn’t let them off.</p>

  <p>In fact, these adventurers were extremely afraid of Zhao Hai. He was known to be very vicious and merciless, turning several hundred thousand Aksu Empire soldiers into undead in a single night. This was something that cannot be simply forgotten.</p>

  <p>Therefore, these adventurers just looked at the Dwarves without making a single noise nor gesture. Zhao Hai was very satisfied with this result. He quickly brought the Dwarves to their area before taking Julian to see Besmir. After all, it was impossible for Zhao Hai to be here all the time, so Julian and Besmir needed to be acquainted to each other for future cooperation.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai took Julian to the General’s residence, Besmir immediately gave them a cordial welcome. Besmir looked at Julian with curiosity while Zhao Hai gave Besmir a salute and said, “General, let me introduce you to the Dwarven Elder Julian. Julian, this is General Besmir, Buddha Empire’s general for Demon City’s defense army.”</p>

  <p>Julian and Besmir gave each other a salute, then Zhao Hai said, “Alright, then let’s head in.” After that, the three of them went inside the General’s residence.</p>

  <p>Inside the residence, there was a large topographic map of Demon City. Zhao Hai went towards the map and pointed at something and said, “We’re here in Demon City in order to defend against the Demon advance. At this time, the Demons are still busying themselves by building their city. However, I believe that they have their own mages, so it wouldn’t take too long before they finish. When the city gets built, I believe that God-ranked experts of the Demon Realm will start to make a move. Although they are suppressed by the Ark Continent and cannot stay here for too long, they can still pose a threat to our position. Now that the Dwarves have come, I have one request for you to do. We need tunnels going from the city towards an area outside of it, we need them as soon as possible. They should be deep and large enough for our purpose of using them as our escape passage. Julian, what do you think?” Julian nodded and said, “This is not a problem, leave it to us.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to Besmir and said, “You coordinate with the Dwarves, this is something important for us. If a God-ranked expert comes, we can use that tunnel in order to escape.”</p>

  <p>Besmir nodded, “Mister, you can feel relieved. I know what to do, there’s no need to worry about it.” Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned his head back to Julian and said, “Julian, you should restrain the tempers of the Dwarves as well. We need a harmonious environment in this alliance. If we have some fights, then it would be disadvantageous for us in the future.”</p>

  <p>Julian nodded, “I understand. We came this time to wage war with the Demons, not with the Humans Race.” Zhao hai nodded, then he looked at Besmir and said, “General, restrain the mercenaries and adventurers as well. Don’t make them go too far. If they do, then there would be no need to wait for the Dwarves to retaliate, I will do the job for them.”</p>

  <p>Besmir nodded, he knew the importance of the current matter. The entire continent needed to be unified right now. If these fellows were to go too far, then Zhao Hai certainly wouldn’t let them off.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the two and said, “The Dwarf tunnel must be made as secretly as possible. We want the entrance to be well hidden, even to our own people. With this, we can also use those tunnels in order to stage a counter-attack.”</p>

  <p>Julian nodded, “I understand. Don’t worry, we know what to do.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hao nodded, “Then that’s good. &#160;Julian, you go back and take a rest first. You can start working tomorrow. I still need to go out of the city to take a look at things. General, make the soldiers pay more attention. In the next few days, the Elves will be arriving, extreme discipline will be needed in order to peacefully cooperate with them.”</p>

  <p>Besmir nodded and said, “Alright, mister doesn’t need to worry about it.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nods, then the looked at Julian and said, “Let’s go. After I take you back, I’ll be leaving some liquor for your men as well. Let them enjoy their stay here in the meantime.”</p>

  <p>Julian laughed and replied, “That would be good. We didn’t bring any liquor this time, we’re expecting that you would provide for us.” Zhao Hai laughed as well as he led Julian out of the General’s residence.</p>

  <p>While Besmir looked at Zhao Hai and Julian’s backs, he finally understood how Zhao Hai could have a good relationship with the other races. This was because Zhao Hai didn’t treat them as another race, his treatment of them wasn’t different from his treatment towards the Humans. It was this easy.</p>

  <p>However, even if this was easy to do, only a few can manage to do it. The Humans of the continent were too used to feeling superior. They have always looked down at the other races. This made the other races dislike them in turn. In the end, nobody liked anybody, making it impossible for them to cooperate.</p>

  <p>Besmir sighed, then he turned around and went back to his room. To be honest, he was also &#160;looking down on the other races, but Zhao Hai woke him up. The situation was now very different, they couldn’t just look down on different races anymore.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai escorted Julian to his camp, he also left behind a lot of liquor. As for the other necessities, there was no need to worry about them, Besmir already prepared it for the Dwarves. This made Zhao Hai commend Besmir deep inside.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the busy Demons in the distance and couldn’t help but sigh. He really wanted to call all of his undead and then kill them directly. However, Zhao Hai knew that this wasn’t going to work. It was for certain that experts were already stationed there. Although Zhao Hai can overwhelm them with his undead, he also knew that the Demons were surely prepared. If Zhao Hai attacked them, then he would certainly suffer huge losses in the long run.</p>

  <p>Moreover, Zhao Hai had some suspicions that the God-ranked experts had already arrived. It was only because of the current construction that the God-ranked experts decided to stay put.</p>

  <p>The reason why Zhao Hai had this idea was because of a certain person, and this was none other than the Demon Dragon King. The information that Cai’er was able to get about the Demon Dragon King was too small. In fact, there wasn’t much information that Cai’er can get regarding the God-ranked experts of the Demon Realm. These God-ranked experts were very well-hidden.</p>

  <p>And this Demon Dragon King was quite a low-key expert as well. And since Cai’er was unable to find out what his strength was, Zhao Hai believed that the Demon Dragon King was a God-ranked expert himself!</p>
</body>
</html>