<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 513: Dog-headed Race’s Friendship Flag</h3>

  <p>The Old Wolf nodded and said, “Your brother is quite the character. I also know about the Fighting Bulls, their strength isn’t weak. Adding the support of the Radiant Church, it was a surprise that you managed to eliminate them in a short time. That’s a great feat.”</p>

  <p>Mendez smiled faintly and said, “We’re lucky to have the Mastiff tribe and our Foreign Prince’s help. Because of that, we managed to deal with the Fighting Bulls quite quickly.”</p>

  <p>The Old Wolf looked at Zhao Hai and said, “You are Zhao Hai? The Foreign Prince of the Herculean Bulls?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai felt some pressure from the Old Wolf, but he wasn’t bothered by it. He faced 9th rank experts before, so how could he care about the old Wolf. He just smiled and said, “I am indeed Zhao Hai.”</p>

  <p>The Old Wolf King stared at Zhao Hai. When Buffon and Mendez met his gaze, they would express slight hints of fear, but this Zhao Hai was completely calm. This made the Old Wolf King interested in this Human.</p>

  <p>After looking at Zhao Hai for quite some time, the Old WOlf King said, “Good, good. A Human becoming a Beastman tribe’s Foreign Prince, you’re methods are quite good.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai faintly smiled and said, “The Wolf King overpraised me, I had no good methods. I’m nothing more than Brother Wales’ brother. I just gave the Herculean Bull tribe a helping hand when they got into trouble. They liked what I did so they decided to make me their Foreign Prince.”</p>

  <p>The Old King looked at Zhao Hai and then smiled, “Young man, no need to downplay yourself. It’s impossible for a Beastman tribe to give the position of Foreign Prince casually. You surely gave them a huge helping hand. Hehehe. Right, I heard that you have a lot of food?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I do. But the food in my hands is somewhat special. It is not the ordinary Bamboo Rice, but the never before seen Bread Fruit.”</p>

  <p>The Wolf King looked at Zhao Hai and then said, “Take one out, let me see.” Then Zhao Hai nodded, he turned his hand as a Bread Fruit appeared before handing it over to the Old Wolf King.</p>

  <p>The Old King tasted the fruit, then gave it to Hans. He turned his head to Zhao Hai and said, “Price?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “A fourth of the price of Bamboo Rice.”</p>

  <p>The Old King stared, then his eyes looked straight into Zhao Hai, “You’re not joking? A fourth of the price of Bamboo Rice?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I wouldn’t dare joke with the Wolf King. Moreover, I don’t joke when it comes to business. The Wolf King doesn’t need to doubt me.”</p>

  <p>The Old Wolf King looked at Zhao Hai and said, “If what you said is true, we want every Bread Fruit that you have.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the Old King and smiled bitterly, “I’m afraid the Wolf King’s tribe cannot consume them all. Tell me how much you need and then I’ll give them to you.”</p>

  <p>When he heard Zhao Hai, the Old King’s expression couldn’t help but change. He thinks that Zhao Hai was looking down on him, his anger couldn’t help but seep out as he said, “100 million jin.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “No problem. I have the Bread Fruit in my Space Bag, I can give them to you later. The Wolf King can rest assured, you can have them as long as there is a suitable place to store them.”</p>

  <p>The Old King looked at Zhao Hai, he knew that even if those Bread Fruits aren’t very big and heavy, when its pulp turns into bread, the 100 million jins would turn into hundreds of millions of jins worth of food. Can Zhao Hai really have it ready at any time?</p>

  <p>The Old King said, “You’re serious?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly, “I won’t dare crack a joke. I truly have it in me. I’ll let the Wolf King know that my territory produces these Bread Fruits. Moreover, the output of each tree is very high. For me, 100 million jin isn’t a lot. If the Wolf King wants more, I can provide you with 1 billion jin, I’ll give you 400 million jin first and then deliver the other 600 million jin five days later. You should know that the Space Bag has a limit. Although I have a lot of them with me, I cannot have that many in hand.”</p>

  <p>The Old King looked at Zhao Hai and then laughed, “Good! Alright, let’s go with what you said, we’ll buy 1 billion jin of the fruit, according to the price that you stated. But I don’t have much Argali in my hands, I can trade with you using gold and silver, do you agree?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “That is not an issue. But I have some special requests. I want to collect unique Magic Beasts, if the Wolf King gives me some Magic Beasts, then I can give you a good discount.”</p>

  <p>The Old King stared, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “What kind of unique Magic Beasts?’</p>

  <p>Looking at the Old King’s face, Zhao Hai knew what he was thinking. In the past, there would be some Humans who would take back Beastman Magic Beasts in order to research the Beastman’s cultivation. Although they didn’t succeed, the Beastmen still became stricter with regards to this matter.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Some unique Magic Beasts and plants of the Prairie, some unique plants of the Wolf Tribe would be good as well.”</p>

  <p>The Old Wolf King looked at Zhao Hai and said, “I still need to prepare these things. For now, I can pay you with some money, carpets, blankets, and some Argali in advance. What do you think?</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, I’m not in a hurry. I’ll first leave 300 million jin here since I still need to see if the Bear Tribe needs some food for themselves.”</p>

  <p>The Old King laughed and said, “That stupid Bear would surely want some. Young Man, I can confidently tell you that your Bread Fruit wouldn’t be rejected by any Beastman. Alright, I’ll take 300 million jin first. When you go back here in five days, we’ll have your payment ready.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “The Wolf king can rest assured, I will certainly return in five days.”</p>

  <p>The Old Wolf King nodded, then he turned to Hans and said, “Hans, we’ll go have a drink with Zhao Hai and Buffon’s group today. Prepare everything.”</p>

  <p>Hans nodded, then he looked at Zhao Hai’s group before leaving the tent. Zhao Hao and the other naturally gave their gratitude towards the Wolf King.</p>

  <p>After a day with the Prairie Wolves, Zhao Hai’s group proceeded to head towards the Bear Tribe’s domain. But this time, they had more guards at their side, they were Prairie Wolf Cavalry.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t mind them. At this time, Zhao Hai’s focus was on the Space as he counted the Bread Fruits in his storage. In truth, the number of Bread Fruits that Zhao Hai had was really huge. There are billions of tons of them, take note, tons not jin.</p>

  <p>If he wasn’t afraid of frightening the Beastmen, he would’ve given everything to the Old Wolf King in one go.</p>

  <p>Because they didn’t need to take detour, they arrived at the Bear domain two days later. Upon arriving at the border, the Prairie Wolves turned back. Although one can say that the relationship between the Bears and the Prairie Wolves was quite good, it still wasn’t a good idea to intrude upon their territory since it may cause a misunderstanding.</p>

  <p>After saying their farewells to Hans, Zhao Hai and the others officially entered the Bear Tribe’s domain. This Bear Tribe wasn’t the Bear-headed Race’s Royal Clan, but was instead a branch, they were the Black Bear Tribe.</p>

  <p>The Black Bear Tribe was also a Warring Clan of the Bear-headed Race, their strength was just next to the Royal Tribe, the Polar Bear Tribe. Like the Snow Wolf Tribe, the Polar Bear Tribe also resided in the North Icefields. Their strength being the strongest.</p>

  <p>Even if the Black Bear Clan wasn’t the Royal Tribe of the Bear-headed race, their strength was still very formidable. Because of this, the prestige of their tribe was very high. There weren’t any members of the Beastman Race that would dare to disrespect them. The words of the Black Bear Tribe carry plenty of weight in the Bear-headed Race.</p>

  <p>The Black Bear Tribe wasn’t a very hot tempered race. The Human’s view of them being very violent was completely wrong. In fact, the Black Bears were usually very warm, and with their clear eyes, one could tell that they were very simple and honest. This also contributed to the Black Bears’ good reputation in the Prairie.</p>

  <p>It was the Humans deceiving the Black Bears that made the Beastmen very discontented with the Humans. And adding on to the fact that the Humans had always sold them food at a high price, this made the Beastmen receive Humans very badly. This sentiment may have possibly been received by the humans, thus explaining the food shortage this time.</p>

  <p>But Zhao Hai didn’t know about this, he just felt that the food shortage was the work of someone in the shadows. Whether they were the Radiant Church or not was still left for investigation.</p>

  <p>When they entered the Black Bear Tribe’s domain, Buffon immediately relaxed. Then he and Mendez entered Alien to share some drinks along the way.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai naturally wouldn’t reject them, so he took out some liquor as well as some snacks that he got from the Rosen Empire. He can now have these snacks whenever he wants since there were now stores specialized in selling these items on Golden Island, he also heard that their business was good. Since Kun, Blockhead and Rockhead were aware of his matters because of the Space, they immediately had some snacks sent over to Zhao Hai’s office. Zhao Hai can then use the Space to get those snacks and had them served to Buffon and Mendez.</p>

  <p>After having everything prepared, the group poured themselves a cup of liquor. Zhao Hai then turned to Buffon and said, “Brother Buffon, tell me about the Black Bear Tribe. They aren’t as cold as the Prairie Wolves right?” In Zhao Hai’s eyes, the Wolf-headed races can be said to be cold. They had their eyes partially closed, as if afraid that they might kill a person when they opened them fully. With their indifferent looks and the external appearance, if there were people to be described as cold inside the Prairie, then it would be the Prairie Wolves.</p>

  <p>Buffon smiled and said, “Rest assured, the Black Bear Tribe is very hospitable. They’re quite simple and honest. When you go visit them, they would surely give you the best reception that they can offer. I’m actually afraid that even if they are starving and were barely eating, they would still butcher a beast to welcome us. Naturally, all of these were in the premise that you are their friend. If you are an enemy, then their spiked maces would surely greet your face. Their spiked maces are one of the most feared weapons among the Beastman Race.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I really didn’t think that getting along with the Bear tribe would be so easy. Right, sixth brother, why didn’t you tell the Old Wolf King about our suspicions regarding the Radiant Church’s hand in the food shortage? Are you afraid that they won’t help?”</p>

  <p>Mendez smiled and said, “The Wolf-headed race are even vigilant towards other Beastmen, so we can’t just tell it to them directly. We should take this matter slowly.” Zhao Hai nodded and didn’t say anything more. From what he understood of the Prairie Wolves, they would certainly think lowly towards Mendez and the other Beastmen.</p>

  <p>Buffon also smiled and said, “That doesn’t really matter, as long as we help the Black Bears, then everything would be fine. The Prairie Wolves are just too vigilant towards other people, it would need a long time before they see you as a friend. Look, even if you provided them with 1 billion jin of food, they still didn’t give you their friendship flag.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Then Brother Buffon, why didn’t your Mastiff race give me your friendship flag? I gave you fairly the same conditions.”</p>

  <p>Buffon gave a bitter smile towards Zhao Hai, “You don’t need to waste words. Do you really think that we don’t want to give a friendship flag to you? Father actually wanted to give you our flag, but he was afraid of opposition. But as long as you stay and trade with us for a few more times, Father would take responsibility and hand you our Dog-headed Race’s friendship flag.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared for a moment, then he asked Buffon for clarity, “Brother Buffon, did you just say the Dog-headed Race’s friendship flag? Not the Mastiff Tribe friendship flag?” After being with the Beastmen for this long, he knew that there were differences between friendship flags. The Dog-headed Race’s friendship flag was very different from the Mastiff Tribe’s friendship flag.</p>

  <p>The Mastiff Tribe’s friendship flag refers to the Dog-headed Race’s royal clan’s friendship flag. This flag only represents the Mastiff Tribe, but the Dog-headed race’s friendship flag represented the entire Dog-headed Race. For this flag to be given to a person, it would need the approval of 60% of the Dog-headed Race’s branches. With the process of how this flag is given, one could see how important it was.</p>

  <p>The Friendship flags of the Big Bellied Pig Tribe and the Giant Horned Bull Tribe that Zhao Hai acquired in the past only represented his good relations with those two tribes. The weight of those flags cannot be compared to the Dog-headed race’s friendship flag. If Zhao Hai gets ahold of that friendship flag, it would mean that he would be a friend of the entire Dog-headed Race. People who disrespect Zhao Hai would be similarly disrespecting the entire Dog-headed Race. This matter might even lead to a war in the Prairie.</p>

  <p>Because he knows about the implications, Zhao Hai asked Buffon to clarify. Buffon understood why Zhao Hai asked his question, he smiled to Zhao Hai and said, “Of course its the Dog-headed Race’s friendship flag. Why do you think the leaders of the tribes were present with father when you arrived at our camp? When you entered our domain, father immediately sent word to summon the tribe leaders. Father wanted them to see your performance. Fortunately, you did great. I heard from father that it wouldn’t take a long time before our Dog-headed Race’s flag ends up in your hands.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was so happy he almost cheered. Seeing Zhao Hai’s expression, Mendez smiled and said, “Little Hai, you’re really luck kid. Do you know why the relationship between the Cow-headed Race and the Dog-headed race is very good? It’s because we mutually guard each other’s friendship flag. With our flags, you can almost walk sideways in the Prairie.”</p>
</body>
</html>