<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 852: How to Deal With the Divine Race?</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai wondered why there was a huge disparity between the amount of people and undead being loaded to the ship. Upon thinking about it, people would need rooms to stay, therefore, the Space would allocate bigger spaces for them. On the other hand, the undead were different. It was just like buses, if you don’t care for comfort, then you could place more people inside than the amount prescribed.</p>

  <p>Such a design might be good, but it held no significance to Zhao Hai. He has the Space, so he didn’t need to think about loading people on the ship. But no matter what, this design was still quite good.</p>

  <p>Most importantly, Zhao Hai wanted to see how much it would cost to upgrade the ship once more. If it was several millions of gold coins, then Zhao Hai was afraid that he would definitely go broke this time.</p>

  <p>But after he looked at it, Zhao Hai felt great happiness. The upgrade was actually free! He can just directly confirm and it would add 12 hours to the overall production time. Without hesitation, Zhao Hai pressed confirm.</p>

  <p>After waiting for Zhao Hai, Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, what happened?” Then Zhao Hai told them about the second improvement to the Hell King’s ship. This caused them to be happy, after all, the more formidable the ship was, the better it would be for them.</p>

  <p>Once the group returned to the villa, Laura turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, are you really planning to spend a few days fighting the Divine Race?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Why not. Let the Divines be happy right now. But after Fei’er’s people arrive, then we can deal with the Divine Race. And as long as the Hell King’s ship is completed, I can deal with them quickly.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy smiled and said, “We can afford to wait a few days. The underworld and the Atlanta Plane has no immediate threat to us. We can just focus on dealing with the Taurus Divines. Right, did the past few days have any effect on Fei’er and the others?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It’s great if there’s some effects, that is exactly what I want to see..”</p>

  <p>Lizzy and the others stared, at this time Megan opened her mouth and asked, “Brother Hai, what do you mean? Do you want to receive Fei’er and the others to the Space?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Why not? If their people lost too much, then wouldn’t it be easier for us to take them to the Space? In any case, we have so many backgrounds, it wouldn’t be bad if they were to migrate.”</p>

  <p>Laura and the others chuckled. At this time, Cai’er arrived by Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, the God-rank potions are done. Will we be sending them to the Ark Space?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, then he nodded and said, “Alright, let’s go and deliver them.” The ten God-rank potions have been made, but they were yet to be given to the people of the Ark Continent.</p>

  <p>These ten potions were going to be distributed according to Green’s arrangement. Each race would have two bottles. Although the Humans had several big Empires, they can still be considered to be one group, so they only had two bottles to share among themselves.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai already thought about it. After the races had enough God-ranks, he will take them out of the Space and have them participate in the battles to let their strengths improve as soon as possible.</p>

  <p>The delivery of the potion went by smoothly. Now that the power of the Space has been proven, the people’s attitude towards Zhao Hai had undergone a fundamental change. Part of it was due to the broadcasts while some were caused by the Space.</p>

  <p>After handing the potions over, Zhao Hai came out of the Space. Then he had his staff turn into a platform and just stayed there, looking at Holy Light City’s direction.</p>

  <p>At the same time, Zhao Hai also wanted to see the plants in the Divine Realm. The place had plenty of fauna, majority of them were better versions of the ones in the Ark Continent. After Zhao Hai sent the those to the Space, there was no prompt. It seems like the Space still classified them as the same plants.</p>

  <p>Also, after the plants of the Ark Continent were taken to the Space, they themselves had been upgraded. It might even be possible that they were better than those in the Divine Realm. So it wasn’t a surprise that there was no prompt from the Space.</p>

  <p>Before long, the Demon Dragon King and Great Demon King arrived at Zhao Hai’s platform. They looked at Zhao Hai staring into the distance and the looked at each other. They didn’t know what Zhao Hai was doing.</p>

  <p>At this time, Demon Dragon opened his mouth and said, “Mister, did something happen? What’s wrong?” Zhao Hai turned his head to the two of them and then said, “Nothing, I was just looking at the Divine Race and then thought about the Ark Continent. Your Majesty, Demon Dragon, how do you think we should treat the commoners of the Divine Race?”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King and Demon Dragon King gawked. Then they found out that they too were unable to reply. If they were to decide, then they would just kill all of them. But after listening to Zhao Hai, they thought that it not all of the Divines were cruel enough.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the two and smiled bitterly, “To be honest, I was thinking of killing them all. However, &#160;I found out that I couldn’t bear being as cruel as the Divines. Those commoners also had things they were good at.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King and Demon Dragon King were stuck not knowing what to say. After some time, Demon Dragon said, “How about turning them into slaves?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled bitterly. To be honest, if he were to turn them into slaves, then he might as well kill them all. Zhao Hai was a person born in the modern age, he had a strong dislike towards slavery.</p>

  <p>Demon Dragon saw that Zhao Hai doesn’t agree to this idea. He was then again stuck with not knowing what to say. There were too many Divines, dealing with them would be too difficult.</p>

  <p>After some time, Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “Forget it, let’s just wait until that time comes. The two of you still need to work hard tomorrow. Go challenge them and just drag it on for another day. Let’s wait for my ship to be done and then we’ll deal with the city.”</p>

  <p>The two nodded, then the Great Demon King looked at Holy Light City and said, “The Divines have been used to being overbearing these years. It’s time to teach them a good lesson.” Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Being overbearing is no good, sooner of later, they would collapse. Alright, let’s stop thinking about them. Let’s share a few cups, I’ll call Fei’er and the others as well.”</p>

  <p>After the Great Demon King heard that Zhao Hai wanted to call Fei’er and the others, he said, “Mister, do you also intend to take Fei’er and the others to the Space?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the Great Demon King and smiled, “Your Majesty already guessed it? To be honest, I’d like to do that. However, I still need to look at what they think. If they don’t want to, then we can just forget it. If they agree, then giving them a Space would be no problem.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King smiled, if anything, this only made him more curious about Zhao Hai’s Space. He already knew about the Ark Space and the Demon Space, he wanted to know what other things Zhao Hai had.</p>

  <p>The day went by calmly, the Divines in Holy Light City didn’t dare to attack Zhao Hai and the others. Meanwhile, Zhao Hai and the others had a rare moment of relaxation. They drank quite a bit of liquor, Fei’er and the others were even somewhat drunk.</p>

  <p>The next morning, Zhao Hai made an order to have the army set up outside of Holy Light City. Then the Great Demon King and Demon Dragon King went on to attack the two Domain Weapon experts before retreating just like the day before.</p>

  <p>The Divine Race felt strange. Why did Zhao Hai choose this method? Would he just attack them like this time and time again?</p>

  <p>In the evening, after Zhao Hai went back to the Space, he took a look at the processing machine. The time was reflected there, in about ten hours, the upgrade would be completed.</p>

  <p>Ten hours. After seeing the timer, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but show a brutal smile. In ten hours, he would personally break through Holy Light City.</p>

  <p>They had a good night’s rest. The next morning, Zhao Hai had his breakfast before going back to the processing machine. It showed that only two hours remained. Zhao Hai wasn’t in a hurry so he came out of the Space and informed the people that they need to wait for two hours.</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King and Demon Dragon King knew what Zhao Hai meant, so they just stayed in their carriages and waited for two hours to go by.</p>

  <p>At the same time, although Fei’er and the others didn’t know the reason why Zhao Hai decided to wait for two hours, they still didn’t ask questions. They were now relying on Zhao Hai, so naturally they wouldn’t offend him over this very small matter.</p>

  <p>On the other hand, Holy Light City was waiting for the enemies to arrive. However, they actually didn’t come, this caused those inside the city to be anxious.</p>

  <p>Two hours was neither quick nor slow. At that time, Zhao Hai was in the Space looking at the Atlanta continent and the underworld’s actions. When a few minutes remained, Zhao Hai and the others proceeded towards the processing machine, quietly looking at the timer as it counted down.</p>

  <p>As time passed, the groups’ heartbeat almost harmonized with the ticking down of the clock. Although they already knew what the ship would look like, they were still anxious to see it in person.</p>

  <p>Finally, the timer turned to zero. The processing machine released a white light. As the ship appeared in front of them, Zhao Hai and the others were stunned.</p>

  <p>What appeared in front of Zhao Hai was a palm-sized ship. It was golden and looked like it was made of crystal. It looked very beautiful, just like a piece of art.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gently rotated the ship in front of him. It was really good, this was the Hell King’s ship that he was looking forward to!</p>
</body>
</html>