<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1082: Crazy Dog</h3>

  <p>Magic in the lower realms and the Machine Field were completely different. Things in the lower realms weren’t necessarily useful in the Machine Field. Because of this, upon seeing all of these Mage equipment, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but frown.</p>

  <p>The place was full of Mage equipment, from staffs, robes, potions, and even mage manuals. However, these things weren’t in line with what Zhao Hai learned about Magic Theory.</p>

  <p>Magic Theory was very mystical, but its power stemmed from magic formations. Using the lower realm’s magic staff was definitely the wrong thing to do.</p>

  <p>Because he knew about this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but feel strange. Why would these shops display items that lower realm Mages use?</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai was quick to understand why. When the old Mages saw these items, they were immediately excited. They quickly went to the shops and looked through the items displayed.</p>

  <p>Looking at the expressions of these Old Mages, Zhao Hai understood that they had yet to understand the essence of Magic Theory. Because of this, they were still willing to buy these lower realm items in order to increase their strength.</p>

  <p>In the lower realms, these people were the peak characters of their generation. Potions and staffs were useless to them. With their strength, nobody in the lower realms would dare fight them. Because of this, they didn’t have suitable items when they ascended.</p>

  <p>But in the Machine Field, the importance of potions and magic staffs became apparent to them. Therefore, they wanted to buy some potions or a staff in order to increase their strength.</p>

  <p>On the other hand, Zhao Hai was certain that these items would be useless. Magic Theory and ordinary magic were different. Later on when they learn more useful cultivation methods, they would find that these lower realm items that they thought to be useful were in fact very weak.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai arrived by Dins’ side as he smiled faintly and said, “You want to buy these things?”</p>

  <p>Dins turned to Zhao Hai and forced a smile as he replied, “I was shortsighted before coming here in the Machine Field. I thought that unparalleled existences like me didn’t need any means to preserve my life.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “Believe me, you don’t want to buy them. These things won’t help you progress in Magic Theory. The magic we studied and Magic Theory are completely different. At our current state, these things are useless. We should go to other shops and see if we can find special tools used by Mages in the Machine Field.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t lower his voice not because he wasn’t afraid of offending people, he just didn’t see any staff around. On the other hand, the staff standing close by couldn’t help but look at him with shock.</p>

  <p>Just like Zhao Hai said, the items sold here were useless for Machine Field Mages. The only reason these items were sold here was because ascenders had yet to have deep understanding about Magic Theory. If they did, then not only wouldn’t they buy these items, they would buy life preserving items instead.</p>

  <p>Although this was the first time that the staff has seen Zhao Hai, she was actually very clear about people of the Bone Symbol Camp. This was Zhao Hai’s first day attending class. Having this deep understanding of Magic Theory on his first day was simply too astonishing.</p>

  <p>Just before the staff could say anything, a cold snort was suddenly heard nearby. Then an arrogant sounding voice said, “If you couldn’t afford it, just say you couldn’t afford it. Do you really think that you have a deep understanding of Magic Theory?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and the others stared before all of them turned their heads to look at a young Mage standing close by. This young Mage seems to be between 20 to 30 years old. On his side was a robot butler. This butler was more advanced compared to Tinkle. Although this robot looked the same, one couldn’t hear any sound when it walked around. Moreover, it was more pleasing to look at than Tinkle as it resembled a person a little bit more.</p>

  <p>The young Mage’s figure was symmetrical. He had a very white face, blonde hair, and a magnificent mage robe. Compared to the charming young man, Zhao Hai looked like a commoner. The arrogance on the young Mage’s face was akin to an emperor looking at a beggar.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the young man and frowned before asking, “Does Mister know us?”</p>

  <p>The young man coldly snorted as he turned his head to Dins and the others and said, “Useless old bastards. Even if you managed to ascend, what can you really do? Right, why aren’t you hiding inside your rooms like you used to?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai turned his head and looked at Dins and the others. The expression on the old men’s faces weren’t looking good. Zhao Hai turned his head back to the young man and said, “Mister, if you like these things, then why don’t you buy more? Or can it be that you lack money as well? Do you want me to buy you something too?”</p>

  <p>As soon as they heard Zhao Hai, Dins and the others couldn’t help but gawk. And then each one of them laughed. They knew that it was impossible for Zhao Hai to treat this person. He was just teasing him.</p>

  <p>When he heard Zhao Hai, the young man’s face paled, he retorted, “It’s useless to save your face. If you can’t afford it, then don’t talk nonsense. Do you really think that I would receive any charity from you?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Useless thing. Putting my good gesture to waste.” Then he turned to the old Mages and said, “Let’s go, I don’t want to fight a crazy dog.”</p>

  <p>The young man’s eyes couldn’t help but blaze in anger when he heard Zhao Hai. However, Zhao Hai had the numerical advantage and the young Mage hadn’t ascended for long either. Additionally, the school forbade any unregistered fights, so he cannot make a move.</p>

  <p>After that short intermission, Tinkle brought Zhao Hai to the bank. Upon entering, a robot immediately walked towards Zhao Hai and bowed, “Mister, welcome. What kind of transaction would you like to do?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the robot and saw that it was just like those Robot Mages back then. It’s quite an advanced robot.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai immediately replied, “I want to exchange some gold coins for machine coins. Can you lead me there?”</p>

  <p>The robot quickly said, “Mister, please follow me.” Then he brought Zhao Hai to a room nearby. There weren’t a lot of people inside the hall, but the ones present were doing basic transactions. Exchanging for machine coins wasn’t done inside the hall.</p>

  <p>A person was waiting inside the room, this one was human and not a robot. He quickly stood up and greeted Zhao Hai, “Mister, welcome. I’m glad to be of service.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned his hand to retrieve a bag of gold coins with 1000 coins inside. He handed it to the person and said, “This is 1000 gold coins. Please exchange it for machine coins.”</p>

  <p>Upon receiving the bag of gold coins, the man said, “Mister, please wait for a moment. Since the gold content of the lower realms’ coins aren’t the same, we need to test the coins first before we determine the exchange rate.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai waved his hand. The man took the coins with him and left. Before long, the man came back as he bowed to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, the gold content of your coins is very high. Each coin can be exchanged for 20 machine coins. Does Mister still want to go through with the transaction?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he took his ID card out and said, “Please deposit the money.” Then he handed the card over to the man.</p>

  <p>When he came out of the bank, Zhao Hai was now a rich young man with 30 thousand machine coins. Zhao Hai didn’t immediately go and buy items. Instead, he headed to the elevator and went to the restaurant along with Dins and the others.</p>

  <p>There was no need to mention that the food of the Machine Field were very good. After eating, Zhao Hai and the others returned to the shops. But this time, they didn’t stay for a long time. They just bought some daily necessities before leaving.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai wasn’t in a hurry to buy items. Thing he needed to buy weren’t available on the first floor shops. The academy’s shops were also divided into floors. Those who have ascended for less than a month could only go to the first floor shops, they were still forbidden to head to the other floors.</p>

  <p>Meanwhile, Dins and the others were very happy. The past several days, they had been holed up inside their rooms and had been dejected. Moreover, they failed to prepare items before they ascended, most of their possessions were left behind for their descendants or disciples. In their opinion, those things would have no use after they ascended. Also, if they failed their ascension, then their family members wouldn’t be able to use their items. Therefore, they didn’t bring anything. Unlike Zhao Hai, they were truly poor ascendants.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hao returned to his own room. After placing the things he bought in a convenient place, he proceeded to wash himself before going back to the study. He began to read basic runes and their comprehensive explanations. Zhao Hai’s understanding of Machine Theory grew deeper. Even if he didn’t go to class, he could still manage with self-study.</p>

  <p>But what Zhao Hai needed to do right now was to send all information about magic runes to the Space. These runes were important to the Space’s research into magic formations. Because of this, as he sat on the computer scanning through the various runes, he also instructed Cai’er to record everything down.&#160;</p>
</body>
</html>