<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1206: Asking a Favor</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t really expect Ma Rulong to have this high of an appraisal for him. He couldn’t help but smile bitterly. It seems like the Machine Field is truly placing their hopes on him. They wouldn’t have done this if Zhao Hai didn’t have any real skills.</p>

  <p>Laura and the others looked at Zhao Hai and quickly knew what he was thinking. Laura smiled and said, “Brother Hai, it seems like you’re being treated as a precious gem by the Machine Field.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said, “The more they do that, the more in danger I will be. It seems like I’ll be in for quite some trouble. However, I must say, this place is really good for cultivation. The energy here is very abundant, much more than in the Machine Field.”</p>

  <p>Margaret nodded, “I heard that the Cultivation Realm has a lot of spirit veins. Places with spirit veins have more abundant spiritual qi, sometimes a hundred times more than other places. If you can cultivate there, then you’ll be able to achieve twice the result with half the effort.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Rest assured, we’ll have an opportunity later on. I believe that there are other places other than the Cultivation Realm that has spirit veins. We just don’t know where these veins are in the Machine Field.”</p>

  <p>Margaret forced a smile and said, “The Machine Field has some spirit veins. However, they are very scarce. I’m afraid the amount can be counted using one hand. Moreover, the density in those veins fall short compared to veins found in the Cultivation Realm. If not for this, then the Cultivators would have already taken it from us. We will never be able to enjoy such luxury.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but bitterly smile. After learning about the Machine Field’s situation, he couldn’t help but recognize how much worse it was compared to the Cultivation Realm. In the Cultivation Realm, the strength of each major sect wasn’t any weaker than the entirety of the Machine Field. For those in the Cultivation Realm, the Machine Field was a huge wasteland, a useless place. But even if the Machine Field was quite weak, once it retaliated, then it would bring forth heavy losses to the Cultivators. Because of this, nobody took control of the Machine Field.</p>

  <p>If the Cultivation Realm really decided to end the Machine Field, then the Machine Field would have been destroyed 800 times over.&#160;</p>

  <p>The Machine Field’s strength was equal to a sect in the Cultivation Realm. Yes, the Machine Field controls a bigger territory than the Cultivation Realm’s sects, but its territory had nothing of significant value.</p>

  <p>After he thought of this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but knit his brows. Then he turned his head to Margaret and said, “If, say, I win first place and get a large number of resource planets. Then wouldn’t the Cultivation Realm go to war with the Machine Field? If this really happens, and the Cultivation Realm and the Machine Field goes to war, then we might be bringing a calamity instead of a gift.”</p>

  <p>As soon as they heard Zhao Hai, Margaret and the others immediately frowned. Their expressions turned difficult. They haven’t thought of this before. Now that Zhao Hai pointed it out, they couldn’t help but feel that there was a possibility of this happening.</p>

  <p>Margaret turned anxious as he said, “Then what do we do? Brother Hai, will the Cultivation Realm really attack us?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled bitterly, then he patted Margaret’s hand and said, “Alright, thinking about this at this time is useless. And even if this is the case, we wouldn’t have any ability to change anything. Then only thing we can do is take one step at a time.”</p>

  <p>Margaret and the others nodded. Although their moods had turned heavy, it was just like what Zhao Hai said, they needed to do what they can. Currently, they don’t have any ability to change anything. The Machine Field wouldn’t listen to anything they say.</p>

  <p>The group turned silent for some time before Margaret said, “Brother Hai, I want to ask for a favor.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, he looked at Margaret in confusion as he asked, “What’s the problem? Do you really need to ask?”</p>

  <p>Margaret didn’t smile and instead turned serious as she said, “Brother Hai, if the day comes where the Cultivation Realm really eliminates the Machine Field, then I hope that you can move the Ashley Family to the Space and give them their own background to settle in.”</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai heard this, he couldn’t help but frown. To be honest, this request made him feel awkward.</p>

  <p>The Space was Zhao Hai’s biggest secret. Upon arriving at the World of Cultivation, Zhao Hai’s main goal was to keep the Space as secret as possible. But if he made the Ashley Family enter the Space, then this secret would be discovered. Who knows what would happen then.</p>

  <p>Margaret waited for Zhao Hai’s response. She was also aware about how important the Space was for Zhao Hai. The Space was truly strange. It allowed Zhao Hai to develop his strength bit by bit. But if others were to know about it, then it would be troublesome for Zhao Hai. This would make it very difficult for him to gain a foothold in the World of Cultivation.</p>

  <p>Margaret was afraid that Zhao Hai would decline. However, she didn’t force him. So she just sat there silently as her eyes began to tear up. Laura and the others looked at Zhao Hai and knew that he was currently feeling embarrassed. Actually, they didn’t want Zhao Hai to let the Ashley Family in. But everything depended on Zhao Hai in the end. So all of them were waiting for him to respond.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at everyone before he turned to Margaret who was tearing up and then said, “Margaret, I can only promise to help the Ashley Family as much as I could. However, I cannot let them know that the Space exists.”</p>

  <p>When Margaret heard Zhao Hai, her face lit up, then she immediately said, “Alright. Brother Hai, rest assured, I won’t reveal anything. When the time comes, I’ll tell them that you want to relocate to another planet. Is that ok?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to Laura and said, “Laura, in the next few days, take note of any special planets in the Machine Field, especially around Rainbow Meteorite Field and the Quicksand Starfield. Even if their environment is bad, we can just terraform it later on. We’ll make a base of operations there. This way, we can guarantee that the Space’s existence wouldn’t be leaked.”</p>

  <p>When Laura and the others heard Zhao Hai, they paused for a moment before immediately agreeing. A flash of delight was seeing in their eyes, as though they had just found something amusing to do. Upon seeing this, Zhao Hai could only force a smile.</p>

  <p>Meanwhile, Margaret’s heart was moved. She didn’t expect Zhao Hai to actually help her. Actually, looking for a planet suitable for a base wasn’t an easy thing to do.&#160;</p>

  <p>The next morning, Zhao Hai went out of the Space and returned to his room. It must be said that his room was very neat. It was enough for a single person to live with and not something made for multiple people. It was very cozy.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai came out, he discovered that Xiong Li and the others were already sitting in the stone bench and chatting. Zhao Hai walked over and said, “Brothers, you’re up early.”</p>

  <p>Xiong Li smiled and said, “We just got up. Little Hai, we’re planning to head out to explore, how about we go together? We can find a place to drink along the way.”</p>

  <p>At this moment, Sun Fei chuckled as he said, “Boss Xiong, it seems like you don’t know much about the Cultivation Realm. If we talk about shops, then they have a lot. But as for restaurants, there’s actually very few of them around.”</p>

  <p>Xiong Li asked, “Why is that?”</p>

  <p>Sun Fei smiled and said, “People in the Cultivation Realm believe that consuming food produces impurities and isn’t helpful in cultivation. Therefore, a lot of people don’t eat food. Instead, they eat something called a fasting pill. This pill is very interesting. It allows you to not eat for several days. Naturally, this thing is flavorless and is just like any other pill. Since people from the Cultivation Realm liked to use these fasting pills, restaurants became rare. Especially in a big city like this. Only places where commoners live can we find restaurants. However, the Cultivation Realm has a rule that forbids commoners from living inside big cities. Because of this, it would be very difficult for us to find somewhere to drink in this city.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Sun Fei, Xiong Li couldn’t help but stare. Then he angrily responded, “Your mother. What kind of rule is that? If they don’t like to eat and drink, then what is there to enjoy in life? The people in the Cultivation Realm are really weird.”</p>

  <p>Li Kuangren laughed and said, “Boss Xiong, those who desire immortality will no longer drink. They also couldn’t eat large amounts of meat. Living like that is more painful than death. Such people will suffer for tens of thousands of years. Even if I have only ten years left to live, I would still be happier than them.”</p>

  <p>Xiong Li and the others laughed. Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Alright, let’s head out and explore. However, we need to be careful. We’re currently inside the territory of the Cultivators. If those Cultivators wants to deal with us, then they would have a lot of methods to do it with. We need to endure, endure. Let’s just wait for an opportunity later on.”</p>

  <p>Dongfang Yu nodded, then he sighed and said, “I just have to say, the Ascenders in the Cultivation Realm are just the same as us when they arrived here. But in the Cultivation Realm, the cultivation methods they use are much better than ours. This allowed them to be stronger. If we learn the same methods as them, I reckon we’ll be able to face them on equal grounds.”</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai looked at Xiong Li and the others, he saw them nodding in agreement. He couldn’t help but smile faintly before he leaned his head forward and then whispered, “Actually, if you want to practice cultivation methods, there’s a way to do that. In fact, right now is the best opportunity to do so.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Xiong Li and the others stared. Then their eyes shone as they moved their heads in as well. After that, Sun Fei asked in a hushed tone, “Big Brother Hai, what do you mean?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai replied, “Don’t forget, the beginning stage of the Six Realm Beginner Competition is an elimination round. In this round, we can kill anyone we want. Some Cultivators will certainly bring their cultivation methods along with them. As long as we kill a few of them and grab their cultivation methods, then wouldn’t we be able to practice?”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing what Zhao Hai said, everyone nodded. But then Xiong Li said, “That’s a good plan if it succeeds. But Little Hai, you need to think more into it. It’s useless. Those Cultivators have storage belts on their bodies. Moreover, their cultivation methods are inscribed inside jade slips with spiritual restrictions. If we aren’t masters in using spiritual force, then that jade slip will shatter. If what you said is that simple, then the Machine Field would have already been practicing cultivation methods.”</p>

  <p>Dongfang Yu and the others heard this and nodded. Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Naturally, I have a solution for this. Brothers, don’t worry about it. As long as we get a cultivation method, I’ll make sure that we can practice it. What do you think?”</p>

  <p>When they heard Zhao Hai, the others couldn’t help but feel excited. Dongfang Yu immediately replied, “Are you telling the truth? Little Hai, you must know that the Cultivation Realm’s spiritual restrictions aren’t easily broken through. You might even injure yourself.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Brothers, don’t worry, I can do it. Because of this, we need to kill as many Cultivators as possible in this elimination round. As long as we get their cultivation methods, then we can begin our practice.”</p>

  <p>Everyone’s eyes shone. They saw the power of the Cultivators, but they don’t think that they were any worse than those people. Those cultivators had also ascended in the last five years. Thinking that those cultivators would be used as stepping stones for their future, Xiong Li and the others couldn’t help but feel excited.</p>

  <p>Hearing that there was a possibility for them to practice the Cultivation Realm’s methods, Dongfang Yu and the others felt energized. They believed that they weren’t any different in calibre compared to the Cultivation Realm’s ascenders.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at his brothers and then said, “Actually, the Machine Field’s method is also very good. However, the Machine Field focused on mechs and battleships. Because of this, research towards magic formations as well as training Mages and Warriors weren’t given priority.”</p>

  <p>Sun Fei looked puzzled at Zhao Hai, he asked, “Brother Hai, are you sure? Can the Machine Field’s methods really compete against the Cultivation Realm’s methods?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “Of course it can. Didn’t I just block Li Chuchen’s three swords? Little Fei, don’t you wonder why the formations I use are much better than ordinary formations?”</p>

  <p>Sun Fei nodded and said, “Of course I wonder. Your 5-layer formations seem to be stronger than most 10-layer formations.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “There’s actually a reason for that. First, I have very strong spiritual force. Spiritual force is the foundation of a Mage. If you have strong spiritual force, then your formations would be stronger as well. The second reason is the formation set that I use. The formation sets I use are mostly my own creations. These formation sets don’t only contain offensive and defensive formations, I also put in supporting formations that are usually used in mechs and battleships. A lot of people think that mixing supporting formations to formation sets would cause that formation set to become weaker. In fact, this isn’t the case. If you can use supporting formations the right way, you could vastly improve your formation set.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, everyone’s minds turned blank, especially Sun Fei. His face was looking at Zhao Hai in disbelief. He couldn’t wrap his head around what Zhao Hai just said.</p>
</body>
</html>