<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1167: Condensed Astral Qi Art</h3>

  <p>Seeing what just happened, Zhao Hai knew that the seal has been dealt with. Then he immediately scanned the jade slip with his spiritual force. Just as his consciousness entered the slip, an explosion was heard, shaking his head. Then the five element killing formation activated and kept the danger at bay.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, then he immediately understood what just happened. The five element killing formation blocks all kinds of spiritual force that went to his head. It seems like there was something inside the jade slip that triggered the formation.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai took the formation down and allowed the spiritual force from the jade slip to enter his mind. Before long, writings appeared inside his head.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai proceeded to read through the words appearing in his mind, “Condensed Astral Art. The Heavens and the Earth are righteous, evil, arrogant, and divine. The mind should be…..”</p>

  <p>As he contemplated on the writings, Zhao Hai finally knew what was recorded inside the jade slip. Inside was actually a secret art. It was an article detailing evil qi and astral qi. And further on, it dictates how to use them to make a life source weapon.&#160;</p>

  <p>There weren’t only ordinary magic artifacts in the Cultivation Realm. Those that passed through evil qi or astral qi became life source artifacts. Since these artifacts passed through evil qi and astral qi, whether it be defensive or offensive strength, these artifacts were much better than ordinary ones.</p>

  <p>It can be said that this art came at a timely moment for Zhao Hai. Both Yellowsand Planet and the Space had a non stop supply of astral qi. If he was able to make use of it, then his body would become more tenacious. And if he was able to join astral qi with his own strength, then his attacks would be more aggressive. And lastly, if he could add astral qi to his own treasures, he would be able to promote them at least a level higher.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai badly needed these improvements. Therefore, he really wanted to find a method to utilize astral qi.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai carefully looked through the secret art and found out that it was very complex. He would introduce astral qi into his meridians, then bit by bit he would merge it with his own spiritual qi.&#160;</p>

  <p>However, this process came with a huge amount of pain. Most people wouldn’t be able to endure this type of pain. This was the main reason why most people go insane and die once they tried merging evil qi or astral qi to their bodies.</p>

  <p>But this issue wouldn’t be a problem for Zhao Hai. He had already experienced something like this before when he was tempering his body. Therefore, Zhao Hai didn’t worry about introducing astral qi to his body.</p>

  <p>After looking through the entire secret art, Zhao Hai didn’t immediately go and practice it. This was because there were still dangers in practicing this art. If people were to arrive and disturb him, then his concentration would be broken and the situation might turn sour.</p>

  <p>But even if Zhao Hai couldn’t integrate astral qi into his own spiritual qi, he could still practice the art on some magic artifacts. Presently, Zhao Hai had Liquid Silver, which was also a magical artifact. Zhao Hai could definitely use astral qi to improve Liquid Silver. Zhao Hai believed that Liquid Silver could still become stronger.</p>

  <p>With this though in mind, Zhao Hai sat down and then took Liquid Silver out. Then he used his spiritual force to temper liquid silver using the astral qi around him.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai’s spiritual force got in contact with the astral qi, he immediately felt a great pressure pulling at it. Then Zhao Hai’s spiritual force was immediately twisted and shattered by the pressure.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai was still fine. After all, he had prepared well for this situation. Although he could feel his head ache, this pain wasn’t uncomfortable.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai calmed himself down and then guided the astral qi using his spiritual force. However, the result was still the same. Zhao Hai slowly learned as he failed time and time again. His failures also reinforced his spiritual force. If his previous spiritual force was a silk thread, now it was already like a metal wire.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t know for how long he’s been introducing astral qi to Liquid Silver, but suddenly, Liquid Silver shone with light. Then the Space issued a prompt, “New energy has been introduced to the host’s staff. The Space has judged that it is beneficial to the host. The energy’s existence has been approved. The Space will now take over in controlling the new energy.”</p>

  <p>After hearing the prompt, Zhao Hai discovered that the astral qi no longer needed his control in order to enter Liquid Silver. Moreover, its progress was much better than when he was the one controlling it.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was glad with this development. Then he sat in place to recover his spiritual force. And just as he was feeling his spiritual force, Zhao Hai discovered that his capacity had increased. Moreover, his spiritual force was more solid than before. This was completely out of his expectation.</p>

  <p>After his spiritual force was fully restored, Zhao Hai was finally able to confirm that his spiritual force had increased. Originally, his spiritual force could support 1000-layer formations at most. But now, he could support 3000-layers with ease. Even if he cast five formations at the same time, it would still be possible for him.</p>

  <p>And if his formation sets had supporting formations, he could cast 10,000-layer formations with no problem. And this was without Liquid Silver’s help. If he used Liquid Silver, then he could achieve 30,000 layers.</p>

  <p>Seeing his strength increase by more than a single fold, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but feel ecstatic. He was worried that his spiritual force wouldn’t be able to catch up to his body’s increase in strength. But now it seems like his spiritual force had already caught up. This was absolutely good news for Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Once Zhao Hai had sorted his spiritual force out, he suddenly discovered that a day had almost passed in Yellowsand Planet. This caused him to be surprised.&#160;</p>

  <p>A day had passed but he only met Wan Xiang. Wasn’t this too strange? One must know that there were about 100 thousand participants in this region. Moreover, the region wasn’t very large. It would be very easy for two people to meet each other. But ever since the beginning, Zhao Hai had only met Wan Xiang.</p>

  <p>At this time, Cai’er suddenly said, “Young Master, while you were practicing, there were 50 people who scanned you with their spiritual force. However, since they don’t pose any danger, I decided not to wake you up.”</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai heard this, he began to understand. Then he asked, “There are 50 of them? Who are they?”</p>

  <p>Then as he said that, a list flashed inside Zhao Hai’s mind. There were detailed descriptions about the 50 people in the list. The time when they scanned Zhao Hai and for how long they kept scanning him were also listed.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the list and nodded, “Good. They’re lucky that they didn’t make a move. Otherwise I will have to be impolite.”</p>

  <p>Cai’er nodded, “Young Master, there’s no need to worry. If they really dared to make a move, then we can release the Undead you captured from Tyro Planet and the Rainbow Meteorite Field. They should be enough to kill all of them.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai laughed and said, “Right, just like what you said, we can just release the Undead to eliminate them.”</p>

  <p>The Undead that Zhao Hai gained from Tyro Planet and the Rainbow Meteorite Field had preserved their original strength. This was to say that Zhao Hai had a few Undead with level 4 and level 5 strength. If people dared to attack Zhao Hai, then these Undead could just kill them.</p>

  <p>At this time, Laura said, “Brother Hai, why don’t you try taking a stroll?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “Forget it. It’s not easy to survive in this elimination round. If I went to other places, even if I don’t encounter other beasts, I would still see other participants. And in the end, I would have to defeat them. I’ll give them a chance. As long as they don’t make a move on me, then I won’t actively attack them.”</p>

  <p>Laura paused for a moment and then she nodded, “In any case, it doesn’t matter if you meet anyone or not. And if you encounter a strong beast, even if you can run away, you would still disturb everyone around you. It would be good if you stay here.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “That’s right. I think it would be best for us if I don’t expose my strength. Therefore, we can’t catch any beasts for now. If my abilities are discovered, then I would be at a disadvantage later on. We shouldn’t forget that we cannot guarantee if the other realms are looking into the Machine Field. If they are really monitoring us, then we would be in trouble if they see my strength.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded, then she said, “Brother Hai, you should build a house made out of sand. If there’s an opportunity, we can head out and accompany you.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Laura, Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said, “Forget it. If we do that, we will only attract unwanted attention. It’s fine like this.”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and said, “Alright, but Brother Hai, you need to at least take out an umbrella and a proper chair. You should be comfortable.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s eyes shone, he said, “That’s a good idea. Get me an umbrella and a recliner. Right, get me some cold fruit juice as well. I’ll take the next few days as vacation time.”</p>

  <p>When Laura and the others head this, they couldn’t help but giggle. Before long, everything Zhao Hai requested had been brought over. Zhao Hai comfortably lied down on his recliner as he sipped from his cold drink. He even looked as satisfied as someone who was on a vacation.</p>

  <p>As Zhao Hai relaxed, several spiritual forces came to scan him. But after seeing that they weren’t Zhao Hai’s match, they decided to move on.</p>

  <p>The day quickly went past and night arrived. Zhao Hai didn’t return to the Space and instead just lied down on his recliner. At this time, a sound was heard. Zhao Hai opened his eyes to see a large group of huge spiders about five kilometers away from him.&#160;</p>

  <p>These spiders were very huge, each one exceeded five meters tall were eight meters long. Their entire bodies were covered in fur, making people feel dread while looking at them.</p>

  <p>There were 40 spiders in this group, both big and small. It seems like they belong to one cluster. Zhao Hai stood up, he knew that this was because the sandworms were already full. Once the sandworms were no longer hungry, their territory would become safe. Because of this, the spiders began to come out.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai wasn’t afraid of these spiders. He would have the spiders come then send them all into the Space, adding new species to the Space.</p>

  <p>Before long, the spiders were already close to Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai waved his hand and released a 3,000-layer formation, giving the spiders no chance.</p>

  <p>This was the first time that Zhao Hai used a 3,000-layer formation set. To be honest, these 3,000-layer formations were very strong, exceeding his expectations. From what Zhao Hai could see, these spiders had about level 4 strength. In this case, capturing them with a 3,000-layer formation was beyond easy.</p>

  <p>Of course, Zhao Hai believed that the 3,000-layer formation sets of other people weren’t as powerful as his. It was necessary to know that Zhao Hai’s 3,000-layer formation set included a large amount of supporting formations.</p>

  <p>At this time, Zhao Hai’s formation sets were divided into five categories. The first type were defensive formations. It was needless to expand about this since they were just formations meant to defend. The second type were offensive formations. These were formations that focused on very strong attacks. As long as one was hit by these formations, then they would either get severely injured or get killed. The third type were trapping formations. These formation sets don’t aim for killing. Instead, they were used for capturing their targets alive. But sometimes, it was harder to capture enemies than killing them. The fourth type were supporting type formations. These formations weren’t usable during fights. Instead, they were very effective for Mechs and Battleships. The fifth type of formation were weapon formation sets. These formation sets were used for weapons, reinforcing them or giving them attributes. This type of formation set could also be used for defensive equipment, making their defenses stronger.&#160;</p>

  <p>These five categories were already known in the Machine Field. Moreover, each of these branches were being gradually improved, albeit the very long progress.</p>
</body>
</html>