<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 789: Last Resort! Good Or Bad?</h3>

  <p>This was also the first time that Laura and the others have heard those words coming out of Zhao Hai’s mouth. Naturally, they were aware about Zhao Hai’s anger, and they understood his mood. Zhao Hai’s tactics already placed them in an advantageous position against the Demons and the Divine Race. But now, the Underworld suddenly appeared, this caused all of Zhao Hai’s preparations to go to waste.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s past arrangement was to isolate the Demons and the Divine Race to the south of the continent while the area on the north becomes their rear.</p>

  <p>Now that the Underworld appeared, it was like they were just stabbed at the back, with an extremely poisonous blade. Zhao Hai was already having headaches while dealing with the Demons and the Divine Race. Having the Underworld’s presence didn’t help.</p>

  <p>Laura was afraid that Zhao Hai would get too angry. She could still remember the time when Zhao Hai vomited blood after seeing what the Divine Race did. So she turned to Zhao Hai and hugged him, “Brother Hai, calm down. Please. If you get injured, the continent would be in grave trouble.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy and the others also ran over to appease Zhao Hai. After some time, Zhao Hai calmed down and breathed some air in. He patted Laura’s head and said, “I’m alright, I’m fine.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai waved his hand and stored Ginko. Then he turned to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, I just heard that the undead are now able to evolve. What does that mean?”</p>

  <p>Cai’er looked at Zhao Hai with shining eyes as she replied, “Young Master, in the past, the undead can only upgrade their strength because of the Space and nothing to do with themselves. Now that Ginko has arrived, the undead’s natural ability to evolve has been absorbed into the space. Now, the undead can also evolve without the help of Fuwa and the Hell background. However, the speed of this evolution isn’t fast.”</p>

  <p>When he heard Cai’er, Zhao Hai gawked, then his two eyes shined as well as he said, “Good, that is good news. Any improvement to the undead is great for us.”</p>

  <p>One of Zhao Hai’s greatest worries was the promotion of the undead. Now that the undead can evolve on their own, Zhao Hai was naturally happy. However, when his thoughts went back to the Underworld, his mood couldn’t help but turn sour.</p>

  <p>After seeing that Zhao Hai had recovered, Laura let go of Zhao Hai. Then she looked at Zhao Hai and felt sad, “Brother Hai, what do we do next? The Underworld is certainly as strong as the Demons and the Divine Race. This isn’t good for us, we cannot defend the Beastman Prairie.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said, “Do we have any other choice? Aside from our last plan, we don’t have any other way.”</p>

  <p>Laura understood what Zhao Hai meant. Their last plan was to evacuate the Ark Continent’s entire population to the Space.</p>

  <p>Lizzy knit her brows and said, “Brother Hai, doing that would be very problematic. Moreover, we don’t even know if the people would agree.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “We can only propose this matter to them and hope for the best. However, we still need to discuss this with Grandpa Green. Laura, please call Grandpa Green and the others over to the Space. And Shue, go and see Blockhead and Rockhead, go see why those two are taking so long to come out.”</p>

  <p>Laura and Shue nodded. Laura went on to call Green and the others while Shue went on to the room where Blockhead and Rockhead were.</p>

  <p>Blockhead and Rockhead had already succeeded in their promotion and were now taking a bath. Shue went to their room and saw what they were doing, but he didn’t call the two. He just turned back and told Zhao Hai, “Young Master, they have been promoted successfully. They are now taking a bath.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he waved his hand and said, “Take a seat. Shue, Shun, what do you think about taking the people of the Ark Continent into the Space?”</p>

  <p>Shue looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, I agree to taking them to the Space.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared at Shue and said, “Why?”</p>

  <p>Shue replied, “Young Master, do you remember what that immortal cultivator is doing in the Divine Realm and the Ark Continent? He is collecting faith power. It is obvious that this faith power is important to him. If Young Master gets promoted in the future, then wouldn’t you need faith power as well? If you have the people in the Ark Continent in the Space, then they would possibly look at you as a god. Maybe you can collect faith power from them.” Zhao Hai stared, he wasn’t expecting Shue to present this reason.</p>

  <p>At this time, Shun added, “That’s right. Young Master, before that immortal cultivator disappeared, he said that he will wait for you in the higher realm. If the Young Master gets stronger in the future, then you will certainly ascend to their plane. If the Young Master doesn’t have people to provide you with faith power, then you would be at a disadvantage. Also, the Young Master shouldn’t forget that the immortal cultivator has a huge sect behind him while the Young Master would have no background. Lastly, if the people of the Ark Continent come to the Space, then the Young Master can choose talented people and promote their strength. Maybe we can form our own sect to fight the immortal cultivators.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked blankly at both Shue and Shun. He wasn’t thinking at this angle before. However, it was indeed an advantageous move if the people of the Ark Continent were to come to the Space. But even then, it was a bit unfair to them. Zhao Hai frowned and said, “If that happens, then wouldn’t the people from the Ark Continent be like caged beasts in the Space?”</p>

  <p>Shue replied, “Young Master, putting it that way isn’t pleasant to hear, it will cloud your decision. You have been managing the continent for all this time, so you should know that without you, the continent would have already fallen to the Demons and the Divine Race. Although they would indeed provide the Young Master with faith power once they live in the Space, you would also provide them with a safe place to live in. Also, they are prone to believe in god, so why not make them believe in you. At the very least, you wouldn’t enslave them, right?”</p>

  <p>Laura and the others are blankly staring at Shue and Shun. To be honest, they haven’t thought of this, but Laura and the others had to recognize that Shue and Shun had a point. Having the people of the continent come to the Space would be very advantageous to Zhao Hai. Laura and the others already knew that the Space could make Zhao Hai favorable to those who were inside it. If the people of the Ark Continent migrates to the Space, then they would provide Zhao Hai with endless faith power. In the future, Zhao Hai wouldn’t be encumbered with the disadvantage of not having faith power.</p>

  <p>The group looked at one another, it seems like Shue and Shun was already convinced by the Space. They were loyal to Zhao Hai would want to benefit him as much as possible.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was frowning as he sat there. To be honest, he didn’t think that having the people of the Ark Continent in the Space would benefit him. He just didn’t want the Space to be known to others. Now that Shue and Shun told him about it, Zhao Hai was somewhat convinced that there wasn’t anything wrong to have the people of the continent migrate to the Space.</p>

  <p>Still, he needed to make a decision after consulting Green and the others. After all, this matter was too big. And like Lizzy said, they were not sure if the people would agree.</p>
</body>
</html>