<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1145: Ambush</h3>

  <p>Naturally, Zhao Hai wouldn’t return to the temporary base so soon. It has been some time since he returned to the Space, so he decided to stay here for a while. He would go out from time to time to carry out a personal surveillance of the meteorite field.</p>

  <p>Although he can look at the area while sitting inside the Space, Zhao Hai still wanted to see the place for himself. It was only when he was personally there could he become familiar with it.</p>

  <p>The area wasn’t small, but the enemy only had 4000 people. This number wasn’t anything compared to the scale of the area.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai was still very careful. He knew that he couldn’t underestimate the Zhang Family. Most of these people were Mages. And even if their spiritual force was being suppressed, nobody can guarantee if anomalies would happen. If Zhao Hai was found out, then he would be in trouble. Even if he can escape, the situation still wouldn’t be good.</p>

  <p>Because of this, Zhao Hai was paying close attention to their movements through the monitor. Then he would visit the area section by section. Although he was in the vicinity, Zhao Hai believed that the Zhang Family couldn’t find him. This was because he believed that nobody in the Zhang Family had the same level of spiritual force as him.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai returned to the Space after touring the meteorite field for a while. To be honest, there really wasn’t anything to see here. However, it was a very good place to stage an ambush.</p>

  <p>There were magnetic storms happening everywhere. And no matter what scale it was, it would still affect Mechs and even people. And there was also the meteorites. If they were large enough, then spiritual force would find it hard to penetrate through. If it weren’t for the Space, then Zhao Hai wouldn’t have been able to properly scout.&#160;</p>

  <p>Upon returning to the Space, Zhao Hai looked at the situation back at the temporary base. Tie Sheng and the others managed everything well. There were already teams of people scouting the area surrounding the base.</p>

  <p>After staying inside the Space for a couple of hours, Zhao Hai proceeded to exit the Space. The place he reappeared at wasn’t that far from the temporary base.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai returned stating that he has something to report. Tie Sheng and the others immediately met with him. Those present were Tie Sheng and the other commanders, their assistants, and also Margaret.</p>

  <p>Seeing that Zhao Hai was back, Tie Sheng immediately said, “Little Hai, how is it?”&#160;</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “The entire passage has fallen under the Zhang Family’s control. There are 50 ships all in all blocking both exits of the passage. And it seems like they’ve sent more than 20 thousand people for this operation. I don’t know the specific numbers, but they have separated into four to five teams. With the destroyed ship as the center, they branched out to search for us. There are about 3000 or 4000 people on each team.” Tie Sheng and the others didn’t expect this much people to be going after them. Their expressions weren’t attractive to look at. Tie Sheng looked at Zhao Hai asked, “Little Hai, do you have a plan?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Of course. I discovered a good place to attack. We can certainly wipe out one team.”</p>

  <p>Tie Sheng stared, then he said, “Wipe out one team? How many people are there?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “There’s about 4000 people in that group. 2000 Mages and Warriors as well as about 2000 Mechs.”&#160;</p>

  <p>Upon hearing this, Tie Sheng’s expression changed, then he shook his head and said, “That’s no good. There’s too many of them, it’s too dangerous. They have more people than us. Moreover, half of them are Mechs.” Charles and the others nodded.</p>

  <p>But Zhao Hai just smiled and said, “It’s because of the Mechs that I suggested to attack that team. If it was outside, then we might have trouble fighting them. However, we’re currently inside the meteorite field. Those Mechs won’t be able to deal with us. As long as we prepare an ambush ahead of time, we can definitely wipe them out.”</p>

  <p>Tie Sheng didn’t know where Zhao Hai’s confidence came from. He looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Tell us your plan.” Zhao Hai nodded, then he took out a map of the meteorite field and placed it on the stone table.</p>

  <p>As Tie Sheng and the others listened to Zhao Hai’s plan, their eyes turned brighter and brighter. To be honest, the Zhang Family’s pursuit made them feel suffocated. But they were also clear that if they vent their anger, then the Zhang Family would catch them all. The outcome couldn’t justify the action. Because of this, they decided to endure.</p>

  <p>However, this didn’t mean that they didn’t want revenge. There seems to be no flaws in the plan Zhao Hai proposed. It has a high probability to succeed. As long as they execute everything perfectly, then they could certainly kill 4000 Zhang Family members. This would allow them to breathe out some foul air.</p>

  <p>Before long, Zhao Hai finished explaining his plan. Without even waiting for Tie Sheng to talk, Leo slapped his hand on the table and said, “Let’s do it. This plan… it’s most likely to succeed. I’ve been itching to kill some of those Zhang Family bastards.”&#160;</p>

  <p>Charles smiled and said, “Since the Zhang Family doesn’t want us to leave this place, then we might as well clean them up. Let’s make them understand how terrifying we are.”&#160;</p>

  <p>Seeing the two agree, Tie Sheng knew that the plan was going to get executed. Sure enough, the other commanders also agreed to Zhao Hai’s plan.&#160;</p>

  <p>When everyone agreed to the plan, Zhao Hai looked at those present and said, “It’s not too late to start now. I reckon the other party would soon go back to their ship in order to take a rest. We can head there and stage an ambush. Perhaps we can even rest before the attack starts.”</p>

  <p>Tie Sheng nodded. Then he turned to look at the other commanders and said, “Call everyone over. Let’s take an hour to rest and eat. After that, we make our move.” Nobody opposed to this, in fact, all of them were quick to move.</p>

  <p>Before long, all those who were scouting outside were recalled. Then Zhao Hai took out food for everyone to eat. When the commanders told their people about Zhao Hai’s plan, all of them couldn’t help but be excited.</p>

  <p>People from External Halls were like mercenaries. And because of this, they developed an unruly nature. Now that they had been pressured by the Zhang Family, they couldn’t help but feel a fire burning inside them. Hearing that they have an opportunity to take revenge, it was natural for them to burn with excitement.</p>

  <p>After eating and taking a short rest, everyone was up and ready to move. This time, everyone including Margaret would move. After all, Margaret alone couldn’t defend the base. And if Margaret was left behind, then she would need people to accompany her. However, the group was currently short on manpower. If they leave some people behind, then their manpower would be further reduced. Therefore, Tie Sheng decided to take Margaret with them.</p>

  <p>Under Zhao Hai’s lead, everyone went around specific areas in the field. After travelling for several hours, the group finally arrived at the area Zhao Hai decided on. And it seems like fortune was looking favorably at the Ashley Family, the Zhang Family’s people had already retreated to take a rest. This allowed Zhao Hai and the others to safely prepare an ambush.&#160;</p>

  <p>Since there weren’t a lot of meteorites in this area, everyone couldn’t hide inside one. Instead, they separated into groups and hid inside separate meteorites, waiting for the time to attack.</p>

  <p>The reason Zhao Hai was confident was because he already knew the Zhang Family’s movements. Laura and the others analyzed the Zhang Family’s patterns and found out that in order to perform a carpet search on an area, they would separate into smaller teams and search each meteorite one by one.</p>

  <p>In this case, they would be able to find their target much more easily. And now, the place where Zhao Hai and the others were in had a high probability to be searched next. According to the computer analysis that Laura and the others did, the probability that this place would be searched was over 90%. This was the reason why Zhao Hai brought everyone here.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai, Margaret, as well as 100 people from the Bone Symbol Camp were currently inside a small meteorite. Since the meteorite wasn’t huge, they could immediately push it the moment the enemy approached them.</p>

  <p>After everything has been taken care of, Zhao Hai made everyone take a rest so that they could maintain their optimum condition. While Zhao Hai was sitting cross-legged on the ground, he was talking with Laura and the others to see when the enemy would resume their search.</p>

  <p>Laura and the others already grasped the patterns of the other party. When Zhao Hai and the others left their temporary base, the Zhang Family were still doing their search. They only stopped their search thirty minutes before Zhao Hai and the others arrived at the area. Because of this, Zhao Hai’s group still had plenty of time to rest, allowing them to restore any energy they managed to expend during travel.</p>

  <p>After some calculations, Laura and the others estimated that the Zhang Family would take 3 to 4 hours before they resumed their search. Also, from the passage to this place, the Zhang Family would take another 2 to 3 hours. In other words, Zhao Hai’s group would have at least 5 to 6 hours to relax.</p>

  <p>Whether it be Mages or Warriors, six hours of rest wasn’t a short time. Even if they underwent a long fight, 5 to 6 hours of rest would be enough for them to recuperate.</p>

  <p>With this result in mind, Zhao Hai immediately left and delivered food to the various groups. But even if Zhao Hai had a lot of good food inside the Space, he didn’t take them out. He made sure that the ones he handed over were food that he had taken out of the Zhang Family’s merchant ship.</p>
</body>
</html>