<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 447: Arriving at Carson City</h3>

  <p>When their meal with Trezebo came to an end, it was time for Zhao Hai’s group to leave. After leaving some seafood to Trezebo, Zhao Hai went to Mu’en’s place and took a rest before taking their ship out to sea.</p>

  <p>The reason why Zhao Hai chose to travel by sea was so that nobody would know his whereabouts. It would make people see him as though they are looking at a deep well. Only then could he have his security.</p>

  <p>Of course, with Zhao Hai’s current strength, he didn’t need to fear the Radiant Church anymore. But he also knew that if he shows off too much he won’t be able to live a good life. On the contrary, it may even lead the entire continent allying up against him because of this strength. For those rulers, Zhao Hai would become a threat much worse than the Radiant Church. Therefore, Zhao Hai chose to wait until the final moment, when he is sure that his strength was already too formidable for the other empires to deal with.</p>

  <p>People always harbor a conflicting feeling for something that is too powerful, because at that point they wouldn’t be able to even hold a rebellious idea at all. This was the reason why strong forces always find ways to eliminate any threats that they come across, in order to ensure the safety of their benefits.</p>

  <p>And Zhao Hai didn’t want to be one of those existences. He would rather have people guessing his strength and maintaining a mysterious feeling. People always regarded mysterious things with curiosity, they may become vigilant, but they wouldn’t think to eliminate them.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai believed that there weren’t a lot of people on the continent that would still dare make a move on him. He even managed to clean up a group of 9th ranks. So even if those people did have any ideas against Zhao Hai, they would still need to think about it. This was the advantage of strength, with enough strength, one could make his enemies think twice before acting against them.</p>

  <p>While sitting on the ship, Zhao Hai let out a long breath. Then he drank some of the Space’s water. Now, he didn’t smell of alcohol.</p>

  <p>Laura and the others were on Zhao Hai’s side. When they accompany Zhao Hai, the atmosphere becomes peaceful, as well as very warm.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai turned to Laura and the others’ eyes and said, “The Space has already reached Level 47. I didn’t think that the Pure Iron Armor would actually give this much. Although it doesn’t belong to us, it still brought us some benefits.”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and said, “It is a good outcome every time the Space gets upgraded. Now we only need two levels before reaching level 50. I really want to know what changes happen to the Space when it reaches that level.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai bitterly smiled, “That’s easy to say. Pure Iron is definitely a treasure in the continent. But these things can only be found, not sought. However, even with how precious this thing is, it only brought three levels to the space. This time, it will become hard to raise the Space’s levels.”</p>

  <p>Then Laura chuckled, “I don’t think so. Our luck is very good. Did you see how fast we managed to raise the Space’s levels? I think it won’t take too long before we fulfill those three levels.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai just smiled and didn’t speak anymore. When it became dark, the Haven finally left Jade Water City’s region. Zhao Hai looked around to see whether there were other ships present. After that, they went to the Space and took their rest. At this time, even if they arrived at Carson City, they still wouldn’t be able to enter since the gates would be closed.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai has never seen Carson City, so he could only release a Blood Hawk and had it fly towards Carson City’s direction while carrying the Ghost Staff. When it arrives then they will go out.</p>

  <p>Megan told the Blood Hawk Carson City’s direction then told Cai’er about how it looks like making her pay attention to it before she proceeded to sleep.</p>

  <p>The next morning after they had their breakfast and went to the living room, the Blood Hawk finally reached Carson City. Zhao Hai was glad when he knew about this.</p>

  <p>Outside Carson City, then looked for a desolate place before coming out. Zhao Hai released his Giant Horned Bull-pulled carriage and slowly headed to Carson City.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai planned to see Charlie first before heading to the Calci Family. Megan didn’t object, she also knew the direction to Charlie’s Mansion. Although she didn’t come to Carson City quite often, she still went there every year and lived there for a month or two. Because of this, she knew about the notable mansions in Carson City as well as their owners.</p>

  <p>When they arrived outside Carson City, Zhao Hai learned how majestic the capital was. The walls of the City had reached an unimaginable height of 60 zhang(~200 meters) as well as a thickness of 100 meters. No wonder the books that Zhao Hai read stated that the city walls of Carson City took five years to build. Know that this construction used countless manpower as well as the cooperation of Mages.</p>

  <p>There was a moat outside surrounding the whole city as well as bridges as wide as 100 meters. The bridge that they ran along lead to Carson City’s east gate, called the Sea Gate. The gate had 12 openings, with the middle three openings being the widest and highest, height of 30 meters and a width of 20. According to Megan, these three openings cannot be used by average people, only nobles can pass through. The remaining 9 openings were for commoners and merchants.</p>

  <p>Since God’s Grace Day was approaching, the gate was jam packed with people waiting to enter the city. Only on those three openings did the lines became quite lax. Commoners and Merchants needed to pay entry tax as well as undergo a strict inspection in order to pass through while nobles didn’t, which explains the short lines on the middle openings. The nobles only needed to register, making their passage much quicker.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and the others went to the three middle openings since they already have status. Hung on the carriage was the proper emblem of the Buda Clan. Although it only showed the status of a Count, nobody in the Continent would dare to underestimate this Count.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai’s carriage stopped in line, it brought attention to those around it. There was no other person in the continent that used a bull-pulled carriage aside from Zhao Hai. Because of this, it would be impossible for people to not notice him when he stopped in their vicinity.</p>

  <p>The group slowly advanced and arrived at the gate before long. There was a dedicated recorder on the gate of the city. He held the task of recording every vehicle entering and leaving the city. He also listed who the vehicles belonged to.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai arrived at the gate, the recorder listed their carriage under the Buda Clan’s name. Then he asked Shue and Shun, who were driving the carriage, a few questions before allowing them passage to the city.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai drove through the gate and entered the streets of the city. Once they were on the street, Zhao Hai saw how lively the place was. People came and went along the shops in the street, they were even more lively than Zhao Hai’s shop back at Jade Water City. Other places simply aren’t as lively as this, even Sky Water City. This was truly the capital of the continent’s most powerful empire, truly extraordinary.</p>

  <p>While Zhao Hai and the others were driving along, they saw a group of knight heading towards them. The knights were wearing heavy armor and had badges on their bodies. They were all from the Calci Family and wanted to meet with Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Sure enough, when the carriage met with them, a person went forward and said, “I just want to ask whether mister Zhao Hai is sitting inside the carriage.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai opened the carriage door and showed a faint smile, “Yes it is. Why did these gentlemen come meet us?”</p>

  <p>The knight immediately bowed and said, “I have seen mister, the Patriarch has given us orders to meet mister and invite him over.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “No need to hurry, I’ve been asked by a friend to deliver something, this time I need to head to Third Prince Charlie’s mansion first. You could help me by leading the way.” The knight couldn’t ignore such request and immediately gave a command to his team before they headed towards Charlie’s mansion.</p>

  <p>At this time, another group of knights appeared in front of them. These knights were also wearing heavy armor, but they were golden. The badges worn by this group showed the emblem of the Rosen Imperial Clan.</p>

  <p>When the team arrived in front of Zhao Hai’s carriage, a man bowed and said, “Mister Zhao Hai, His Highness has asked us to meet and escort mister over to his Mansion.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai went out of the carriage and looked at the Knight and said, “You people are from His Highness’ Mansion?”</p>

  <p>The knight answered, “Exactly sir.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “It just so happens that I’m heading towards His Highness’ Mansion. Well then, please go lead the way.” The man stared for a moment before issuing a cry and went to the front of the procession while the men from the Calci Family retreated towards the back of the carriage.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s convoy arrived outside Charlie’s mansion quickly. The outside of Charlie’s mansion was very stylish, it looked very impressive. It wasn’t any worse than one held by a Grand Duke. In fact, Charlie’s status was that of a Grand Duke.</p>

  <p>All Empires on the continent have the same custom. Only Princes who held the status of Grand Duke can compete for the throne, otherwise they wouldn’t be given the opportunity to do so.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai’s carriage stopped outside the mansion, Charlie was seen walking out of the door. Just as Zhao Hai got off from his carriage, Charlie laughed and gave his greetings. “Little Hai, surprisingly, you came to me first instead of the Calci Family. Aren’t you afraid that Miss Megan would get angry?”</p>

  <p>When Megan who was inside the vehicle heard Charlie, she couldn’t help but smile and said, “Your Highness, I’ll only get mad if Brother Hai greets you with more energy than he does with me.”</p>

  <p>At this moment, there were a lot of people outside Charlie’s Mansion. When they saw Charlie’s enthusiasm towards Zhao Hai, even coming out to meet him personally, they immediately understood Zhao Hai’s standing in the Third Prince’s heart. Those people cannot help but be envious, but they knew that they cannot be jealous of Zhao Hai, they just didn’t have his strength.</p>

  <p>When Charlie heard Megan, he laughed and said, “Miss Megan doesn’t need to get angry, I’m just cracking a joke. Right, let’s head inside quickly.” Then he pulled Zhao Hai to enter the mansion.</p>
</body>
</html>