<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 826: Counter-attack Plan</h3>

  <p>Fei’er then said, “Ever since the Divine Race had conquered us, our races had been secretly accumulating strength. We were already prepared to deal with the Divine Race. However, the Divine Race is too strong. With our own strengths, we wouldn’t be able to overthrow the Divine Race’s rule. So we still didn’t make our move.”</p>

  <p>Then Fei’er looked at Zhao Hai and said, “We initially didn’t think about cooperating with Mister. After all, Mister is from the Ark Continent. Everybody knew that the Ark Continent was a lower realm, incapable of making God-ranks. The one we wanted to cooperate with in the beginning was actually the Demon Race.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and Demon Dragon King nodded, they could understand Fei’er’s decision. Just as Fei’er said, the strength of the Ark Continent is just too low, they didn’t even have a single God-rank expert. However, who would’ve thought that a monster like Zhao Hai would appear.</p>

  <p>The Demon Dragon King looked at Fei’er and said, “But how come you knew about the Demons? We don’t know about you.”</p>

  <p>Fei’er replied, “From the Divine Race. The Divine Race hated the Ark Continent, however it was not easy to deal with the continent since it doesn’t allow the entry of God-ranks. Since the continent also had 9th ranks and it would be very expensive for the Divine Race to send their own 9th ranks, the Divine Race decided on using a magical formation to change the laws of the Ark Continent before coming in and eliminating the continent’s people.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, he was already aware of this point. Then Fei’er continued, “However, this magic formation isn’t easy to set up. It’s possible that the Divine Race had already acquired this formation a long time ago. However, since it needed a lot of blood sacrifices, the Divine Race had never used it. Nevertheless, the Divine Race still continued to amass information about the Ark Continent. It was from that information that we knew about the Demon.” The Demon Dragon King nodded, it wasn’t surprising. In the past battle, the Demons also arrived. It would be completely normal for the Divine Race to know about the Demons.</p>

  <p>Then Fei’er looked at the Demon Dragon King and said, “From that information, we had inferred that the Demons were strong. At the very least, much stronger compared to the Ark Continent. Because of that, we decided to cooperate with the Demons in dealing with the Divine Race. We’re confident in this proposal because we knew how greedy the Divine Race could be. With their knowledge of the Demons, it would be impossible for them to not think about conquering the Demon Realm. They certainly wouldn’t let the opportunity to expand go.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and the Demon Dragon King kept silent. They saw how the Divine Race does things. They were tyrannical and overbearing, they want each and every other plane to submit to them. What Fei’er assumed wasn’t at all strange.</p>

  <p>Fei’er then looked at Zhao Hai and said, “But how could we imagine a powerful person like Mister to appear in the Ark Continent? You actually managed to block both the Demons and the Divine Race. To be honest, Mister’s strength made us very surprised.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and kept silent. Zhao Hai was a little proud about his strength. Then Fei’er continued, “When the Third Prince arrived in the Ark Continent, our plan went on a positive turn. The Third Prince immediately relieved Thunder Yun of his authority, this made Thunder Yun restless. Thunder Yun immediately sent me to gather information about the Divine Realm’s state. However, I didn’t immediately go to the Divine Race there. I went to the Barbarian and Winged Pegasus camps and told them to conserve their strength and not fight with Mister too much. Then later on, after I arrived at the Divine Realm, I discovered that there was no problem at all. All of this fuss was needlessly caused by that idiotic Third Prince. He thought of himself as clever and decided to use this opportunity to flaunt his useless talent.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and the Demon Dragon King were earnestly listening to Fei’er’s words. Upon hearing the last part, they looked confused. Fei’er saw their reaction and said, “I know the Third Prince. He didn’t have any good reputation in the Divine Realm aside from being favored by the King. He is not good in command and was someone who doesn’t receive criticism well. With him commanding the Divine Army only meant that they were not a match for Mister. This time, the Divine Race had sent around a third of its total army to the Ark Continent. If this army were to be eradicated, then it would be a huge damage to the Divine Race. Because of this, I made a secret visit to the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus to tell them about helping you. With your army blocking the Divine Race, we can get into an alliance and clean the Divine Race out.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, just like Fei’er said, it was really a good opportunity to deal with the Divine Race. For the Divine Race to send a third of their army only meant that they really regarded this conquest with importance. Now that the army has been annihilated, the Divine Race should be suffering from huge damage.</p>

  <p>Fei’er looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, now is the weakest point of the Taurus Divines and the best opportunity to attack. While Mister leaves the Ark Continent, our races would also leave our respective planes. We’ll besiege the Taurus Divines together. I believe we could completely wipe them out.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er with his knitted eyebrows and said, “But you must know that the Taurus Divines aren’t the only Divines in the Divine Realm. Altogether, there are 13 continents. Aside from the three controlled by foreign races, the other are all controlled by the Divine Race. If we attack the Divine Realm, then it’s possible that it wouldn’t be the Taurus Divines we’ll be facing. It’s possible that the Divines from the other continents would also give reinforcement. We are already troubled by a third of a continent’s army, not to say ten continents. Can we really block this? Did you have plans to deal with it?”</p>

  <p>Fei’er stared, he didn’t think that Zhao Hai would already know about the state of the Divine Realm, he even knew about the 13 continents. However, this was still within Fei’er’s accepted range, so he nodded and said, “We’ve thought about it. Rest assured, the Divine Race isn’t as unified as it would seem. They also get into war with each other. If this wasn’t the case, the three foreign controlled continents wouldn’t have survived up until this point.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Please continue.” Fei’er gave a nod, “If we talk about the strength of the Divine Race, then we need to start talking about the Divine Realm’s structure. Of the 13 continents of the Divine Realm, the one placed at the middle is called the central continent. Surrounding the central continent are five continents arranged in a star-like manner. These five continents are the Leo, Gemini, Scorpio, Capricorn, and Cancer continents. The other seven continents surrounded these five continents namely; the foreign controlled continents, Aries, Virgo, and Libra, and the other four continents, the Taurus, Aquarius, Pisces and Sagittarius continents. However, despite being ruled by the Divine Race, these four continents aren’t harmonious with each other. Because of this, its possible that they won’t send reinforcements if we come and attack the Taurus continent.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knit his brows and then said, “It would be great if they don’t send troops. However, what do we do if they send reinforcements?”</p>

  <p>Fei’er replied, “We have thought about this. Our Thunder Clan would send for the three foreign races to provide us with support. When that time comes, we shouldn’t be worrying about the other continents.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was still frowning, “That wouldn’t be good. If we dealt with the Taurus Divines by ourselves, then the other Divines might not look too much into it. However, if the three foreign races were involved, then the situation would turn different. The Divine Race and the foreign races have always been enemies. If the foreign races send troops, then the other Divine would certainly do the same. When that time comes, the situation would be more difficult than imagined.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Fei’er couldn’t help but stare. Then his complexion changed as he lowered his head to think. What Zhao Hai said made sense. If they dealt with the Taurus Divines by themselves, then the other Divines might not look at it as significant. In any case, the other continents didn’t like the Taurus Divines. But if the Taurus Divines were to be attacked by the foreign races, then the other continents would find an excuse to send their troops. After all, that would essentially be an open invitation to conquer the Taurus continent.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Fei’er and said, “We need to deal with the Divine Race without the help of the three races. Once we take control of the Taurus continent and have a stable foothold in the Divine Realm, contacting the three races wouldn’t be a big deal. Moreover, don’t forget that I can make undead out of those we killed. The more we kill, the stronger my army would be. When the time comes, my undead would have the same strength as the entire Taurus continent’s military strength. In addition to your races, we should be able to take firm control of the continent.”</p>

  <p>Fei’er nodded, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “What Mister said is right. It seems like we thought too simply about this matter. Alright, we’ll go according to Mister’s plan. We will not contact the three races. However, this also means that the pressure on us would be greater, Mister should be prepared.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh and said, “I already expected this before. And now that I have your cooperation, our pressure should be lighter. The Ark Continent already has everything settled along with the Demons. The problem is with your three races. If your people are unable to endure, then it would be great for your race.”</p>

  <p>Fei’er had a serious expression as he replied, “There’s no need for Mister to be worried about this. We are safely settled.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “That’s good. However, the date of our action needs to be pushed back. I still have things to deal within the Demon Realm. After I’m done, we can begin our move. What do you think?”</p>

  <p>Fei’er knit his brows and said, “Do we need to wait for long? We should start the early. Although we had practically wiped out the Divine Race army here, there were still some people who managed to escape. They would surely go back to the Taurus continent and report everything, allowing the Taurus Divines time to prepare. Perhaps they might even withdraw their troops from the Ark Continent and deal with our three races. That wouldn’t be good for us.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai thought for a moment and then said, “We can still attack the Divine Race as usual, but I just have things to deal with myself. I won’t take long, just a few days. However, I can send the undead and the Demon Army to help you deal with the Divine Race in the Radiant Kingdom. What do you think?”</p>

  <p>Fei’er looked at Zhao Hai and said, “So essentially, Mister would be the only one not present?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Yes, only me. And I would only take a few days, I can finish this matter very quickly. I will come back as soon as I’m done. In the meantime, the undead and the Demon Army will accompany you.”</p>

  <p>Fei’er nodded, “But Mister still needs to return quickly. You’re the only one who has a Domain Weapon on our side. On the other hand, the Divine Race had quite a number of Domain Weapons. Without you, we won’t be able to deal with the Divine Race army that easily.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “I’ll return as soon as possible. When are you planning to attack the Radiant Empire? ”</p>

  <p>Fei’er thought for a moment before he said, “We just passed through a battle, the army needs to recuperate. I think we need two days before we can attack the Radiant Empire.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “Alright, but from what I can see, you can advance towards the Radiant Empire while you recuperate. This can save you a lot of time. Perhaps I’ll be finished with my matters after you arrive.”</p>

  <p>Fei’er nodded, “Alright, then we’ll start our trip now. However, I need to ask Mister for some help with supplies. In the past, our supplies were provided by the Divine Race. Now, we wouldn’t have anyone providing us with food.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai laughed and said, “That wouldn’t be a problem. Look for a big city along the way and rest there. I’ll be sending the supplies shortly.”</p>
</body>
</html>