<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 596: Hiring Oneself</h3>

  <p>The political struggles of the Beastmen were much more worse than the Humans, and Laura and the others had experienced these things. Therefore, when they heard what Zhao Hai had said, they immediately knew what was going on.</p>

  <p>Lizzy knit her brows for a moment before her eyes suddenly lit up, “Big Brother Hai, so you’re saying that it would be impossible for the Diamond Apes to return to the Prairie? If that’s so, then how about inviting them over to the Black Wasteland?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, he had not thought about it until Lizzy reminded him. If Tess and the others don’t want to return to the Prairie, then how about having them go to the Black Wasteland? The Black Wasteland was also very huge, he had also planted some grass on the still unoccupied lands. At this point those grasses should have healthily spread.</p>

  <p>Wales was still in severe need of manpower right now, so the slaves still cannot be given to Zhao Hai. If the Diamond Apes were to settle in the Black Wasteland, then the current deficit would be solved.</p>

  <p>Although they had lived for 5000 years on that mountain, Zhao Hai can see that the Diamond Apes haven’t given up in their tradition of herding. They were mainly focused on herding, there doesn’t seem to be much farming going on. Because of this, having them herd in the Black Wasteland would be quite feasible.</p>

  <p>After thinking about it, Zhao Hai couldn’t bear but nod repeatedly and said, “That is a good idea. If we can invite them, then we would have an additional 100 thousand people that can help us. Moreover, the fighting strength of the Diamond Apes are strong. Having them with us will give the family another trump card.”</p>

  <p>Megan nodded and said, “That would be very great. Moreover, Elder Brother Hai, I think Tess would ask you tomorrow about why you agreed to seek the Beast God’s Spear. You can use that opportunity to tell him about the matter with the Divine Realm. Then you can see if they would like to come with us. If they don’t want to, then that would not be a problem. But I think they would agree, after all, without our help, it would be impossible for them to go out of the Icefield.”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and said, “I also think that they would agree. They have lived in this volcano while in constant worry about it erupting. We can help them go live in a new environment, there’s no reason for them to oppose to it.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Who knows, maybe they have the ability to return, but they just chose not to. Alright, let’s go take a rest. Tomorrow, all of these matters would be settled.” Then he walked towards his room while pulling Laura. Laura’s face couldn’t help but turn red while Lizzy and the others were chuckling.</p>

  <p>The next morning, Zhao Hai went out of Meg’s room (this is not a mistake, he also went there. Hahaha) Then he went out of the space and returned to the room that was given to him by Tess.[1]</p>

  <p>Although one could say that Zhao Hai had practically zero rest, it didn’t affect him much since he was now a 9th rank expert. He didn’t feel any tiredness at all.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai returned to his room, he arranged his clothes before going out. He didn’t see Tess anywhere, but he didn’t care about it. He went out quite early today, this was because he wanted to see get some unique beasts and plants from this volcano. Even if they cannot increase it’s level, it can still provide some experience.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai came out of the Tess’ house and saw that there were already quite a few people outside. These people had just woke up and were preparing for their work. Most of these people were elderly. Their jobs were quite simple, and it was to sweep the streets of the city. The fighting strength of older people had waned, so they weren’t suitable for defending the city. Therefore, the only thing that they could do was this.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai greeted these old people with a smile while the old people quickly returned the courtesy. They were very grateful to Zhao Hai because he brought the remains of their ancestors over, which was also one of their concerns.</p>

  <p>After greeting the elderly people, Zhao Hai went to the wall. After seeing Zhao Hai, the guards immediately gave him a salute, of which Zhao Hai returned the gesture. After his salute, Zhao Hai informed them about his intentions before he summoned Alien and went out of the city.</p>

  <p>He didn’t want to fly here, since it would make the Diamond Apes know about his strength. Therefore, he summoned Alien to be his transport.</p>

  <p>Outside of the city was a forest, so Zhao Hai had alien patrol it for a while. Whenever he saw any unique plants and so on, he would immediately absorb them into the Space. Although the prompts kept coming, there was no notification regarding a level up. Zhao Hai already expected this, so he didn’t feel anything strange.</p>

  <p>Alien was quick, and with the recent promotion of the Space, its might had also gone up. As long they weren’t 8th rank, Alien can forcefully catch them and store them into the Space. Because of this, Zhao Hai was comfortable and just sat inside as he left all the work for Alien.</p>

  <p>It didn’t take a long time before Zhao Hai finished patrolling the mountain that the Diamond Apes were living in. The mountain did have some good plants and animals in it. It might be because it was a volcano, but most of them had the fire attribute. Although the Space didn’t level up, it’s fire attribute had been increase. This was a kind of success for Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>After touring the mountain, Zhao Hai felt that it was time, so he immediately headed towards the Diamond Apes’ city. He figured that it was about the time where most people would wake up.</p>

  <p>As expected, when Alien arrived at the city, most people have already got up. Tess was in the wall and had been waiting for his return. Upon seeing Zhao Hai come back, Tess couldn’t help but feel relief.</p>

  <p>After sharing a breakfast, Tess invited Zhao Hai to the living room. After sitting down, Tess looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, yesterday I asked you about the matters of the continent and discovered that the present relationship between the Humans and Beastmen wasn’t very good. Moreover, they even had a recent war. I want to ask why did the Beast King trusted Mister with the task of retrieving the Beast God’s Spear?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai already expected this question yesterday, so he had thought of an excuse. He told Tess his status in the Prairie as well as him being a Foreign Elder of the Dwarves. At the same time, he also presented a token, it seemed to be made out of beast bone and it had a carving of the word King(王) on it.”</p>

  <p>Naturally, this wasn’t the Beast King’s command token, but instead, it was the Beastman Race’s Foreign Prince token. The Beast King gave this token to Zhao Hai. In any case, if Zhao Hai can retrieve the Divine Artifact, he would become the Beastman Race’s Foreign Prince. And if Zhao Hai failed, then it was probable that he would perish in the Icefield. Therefore, the Beast King giving this token in advance wasn’t much of a big deal.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai showed the Foreign Prince token, Tess immediately believed him. This was because this Foreign Prince token was illustrated in their tribe records. Moreover, this token originated with the Diamond Apes. But they gave this token to a Dwarf Master Artisan instead of a Human.</p>

  <p>Tess gave the token back to Zhao Hai and then said, “Mister, you said that something was about to happen in the continent. And the help of the Beast God’s Spear was required. May I ask what this matter is?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he narrated the prophecy of the Dwarf Race as well as Iron Hammer’s words. He told Tess about the latest movements of the Radiant Church. He didn’t hide anything from Tess since, just like Megan said, if the Diamond Apes doesn’t have his aid, then it would be impossible for them to leave the Icefield. And if Tess agreed to his help, then it would be similar to the Diamond Apes being his people, so there was no need to be on guard.</p>

  <p>Although Zhao Hai admired the Diamond Apes, he couldn’t just have sympathy take the upper hand in this matter. If the Diamond Apes don’t agree to move to the Black Wasteland, then Zhao Hai wouldn’t reveal the existence of the Space to them. This was because it still wasn’t time to reveal the Space.</p>

  <p>While listening to Zhao Hai, Tess’ brows couldn’t help but wrinkle. He didn’t think that while his tribe stayed in the Icefield for 5000 years, the events in the outside world had surprisingly developed to this point. Moreover, the Beast God’s Spear was now needed more than before.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Tess’ expression and decided to not disturb him. He just sat there quietly as he took a sip of water. Tess turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Is mister completely confident in retrieving the Beast God’s Spear?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Almost completely. It shouldn’t be a problem. You should know that since I was able to come here, I should have the ability to retrieve it.”</p>

  <p>Tess looked at Zhao Hai and said, “I heard from mister that you are a Human noble. So you should have your own fief. Mister, I need your help. I hope you can agree to it.”</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai heard Tess, he couldn’t help but gawk. This was because Tess’ statement was equal to him telling Zhao Hai that he wishes for the Diamond Apes to hire themselves to him on their own initiative.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded immediately and said, “Yes, I’m a Marquis of the Rosen Empire. My territory is very big.”</p>

  <p>Tess looked at Zhao Hai and said, “If my Diamond Ape tribe hires ourselves to mister, does mister have a way for us to exit the Icefield?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hao looked at Tess before he nodded and said, “I do, not only could I take you out of the Icefield, I can also provide you a place to herd on. I can make your children go to school, and also have your own tribe manage by yourselves. But after going to my fief, unless I give permission, you won’t be able to go out.”</p>

  <p>Tess looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Can I ask where Mister’s fief is?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “The Black Wasteland!”</p>

  <p>Tess stared, he looked confused at Zhao Hai as he said, “Mister, did you just say Black Wasteland? That land has someone occupying it?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I’m the one occupying it. And nobody in the continent except people my family trusted knew that I was able to put it to good use. That’s why I said that you won’t be able to leave my land without my permission.”</p>

  <p>Tess looked at Zhao Hai in shock, “Is mister really telling the truth? Are you really occupying the Black Wasteland? Right, can I ask mister how you’re planning to take us out of the Icefield?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Tess, he smiled faintly and then said, “I ask Patriarch to relax your body. I’ll make you know in a moment. Regardless of what happens, Patriarch should not panic.” Then with an intention, he moved the two of them to Black Wasteland’s Iron Mountain Fort. &#160;</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">* * *</p>

  <p>The parenthesis was the actual author putting in a comment</p>
</body>
</html>