<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1286: Emergency</h3>

  <p>Before heading out, Zhao Hai already understood that they would go hunting in the core battlefield for more than a day or two. The core battlefield was just too large. Moreover, with how many people were here, sneak attacks were quite common. And once a big fish arrives, people would immediately want to destroy them. However, such a case couldn’t be done in one or two days, it would at least take ten days or even half a month. This was something that everyone knew.</p>

  <p>This was also the reason why Yuan urged Zhao Hai to get more food before heading out. And this lies the disadvantage of those from the Machine Field. People from the Machine Field needed to eat while those from the other realms only consume fasting pills and similar medicines.</p>

  <p>Also, besides the other inhabitants, one should pay attention to the Six Realms Battlefield’s beasts.</p>

  <p>The Six Realms Battlefield might sound like it was under the control of the Six Realms. However, this wasn’t really the case. There were plenty of extremely powerful beasts in here. These beasts were different from Demons. Demons were those who practiced to the point where they gained a humanoid form. On the other hand, no matter how strong these beasts become, they don’t have any humanoid form.</p>

  <p>However, one should not underestimate these beasts just because they don’t have humanoid forms. These beasts were extremely strong, they weren’t any less powerful than those in the Six Realms Battlefield. These beasts control their own territories and are also united with the other beasts, forming the Beast Alliance. The territory controlled by the Beast Alliance was a place where nobody could just enter.</p>

  <p>And this Beast Alliance was quite unusual. Not only do they control their own territory, they could also benefit and make use of their surroundings. There were multiple forbidden areas in the Six Realms Battlefield where a large number of beasts inhabit. If anyone from the World of Cultivation entered these places, then they would no doubt be slaughtered.</p>

  <p>There are a lot of people in the World of Cultivation but they couldn’t invest too much manpower in the Six Realms Battlefield. Once a group sent a large number of people to the Six Realms Battlefield, then the other realms would unite against them. Because of this, the core battlefield would only have small parties going around it. The size of a party would generally be below 100 people.</p>

  <p>A team of 100 people would never in their right minds enter the territory of these beasts. These beasts couldn’t be annoyed because of their formidable strength. Moreover, low-level beasts were fearless. Their fearlessness was no less than the Bug Race. Because of this, nobody dared to provoke them.</p>

  <p>All realms in the Six Realms Battlefield have their own controlled territory. But at the same time, there were also territories that they didn’t fully control. Such places will become points of brutal fights.</p>

  <p>People from other realms would go to these semi-controlled territories to cause trouble. Their purpose was to steal herbs and other resources as well as to kill people.</p>

  <p>No which realm people came from, they would definitely be equipped adequately when they go to the Six Realms Battlefield. This allowed them to be ready for battle at any time. And to some extent, these equipment could be regarded as plunderable resources.</p>

  <p>The equipment of those sent to the Six Realms Battlefield were no doubt top-tier. And because the dead don’t need equipment, these top-tier items became a resource in the battlefield. Whether they were magic artifacts, spirit artifacts, or devil artifacts, these items were all made of the finest materials. With enough technique, these items could be reforged and refined once more. Because of this, besides mining for resources and picking herbs, people in the Six Realms Battlefield also resort to hunting other people.</p>

  <p>Yuan was very familiar with the situation in the Six Realms Battlefield. So he advanced carefully. Each time they go some distance forward, they would stop and send scouts ahead. They were also resting much more frequently. Yuan wanted the team to maintain their best states as much as possible.</p>

  <p>Yuan knew very well how dangerous the Core Battlefield was. It was impossible for one to know when they would run into an enemy. If your strength wasn’t at its peak once you met an enemy, then you would have a very hard time.</p>

  <p>Yuan carefully bypassed the beast territories while paying attention to their surrounding environment and keeping the team’s combat power at its peak. It can be said that if one hasn’t experienced multiple life and death situations in the Six Realm Battlefield, then they wouldn’t have been able to do this. What Yuan has done wasn’t easy.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai followed beside Yuan while also paying attention to the surroundings. The Six Realms Battlefield was really too big. Although the silver needles were mapping the battlefield for the past few days, it had yet to cover a significant amount of area. Moreover, Zhao Hai discovered that the map wasn’t very useful in his current situation. A map may allow one to grasp a general setup of an area, it was still difficult for it to show the level of danger present.</p>

  <p>While they were flying forward, Yuan suddenly stopped at a foot of a hill. Zhao Hai saw Yaun frowning, so he couldn’t help but ask, “Captain, what’s wrong? Why do you seem worried?”</p>

  <p>Yuan looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, how long do you think we’ve been out?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai thought about it and said, “About 8 hours. Is there something wrong about this?”</p>

  <p>Yuan nodded and said, “There’s something wrong. The Machine Field still has control over the area four hours away from Lock Mountain Range. Beyond that is an area that we don’t completely control. This area will be the start of the core battlefield. But generally, we would either spot an enemy or receive an attack two hours after heading into this area. At most, the peace wouldn’t last for three hours. And now, from what you can see, we’re already four hours in. This situation is very unusual.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare when he heard Yuan. Then his expression sank. Although he doesn’t fully understand the situation in the Six Realms Battlefield, from what Yuan said, then the situation was indeed unusual.</p>

  <p>When he thought of this, Zhao Hai immediately looked at Yuan and said, “Captain, how about I send some Undead to scout the surroundings? If there’s something wrong, then we would only lose the Undead. What do you think?”</p>

  <p>Yuan paused for a moment when he heard Zhao Hai, then he nodded and said, “Alright, but can your Undead scout properly?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Captain can rest assured. My Undead are intelligent.” Then he waved his hand and released five Demon Mice Undead. These were Hao Donglai and his team. Then Zhao Hai waved his hand once more as the five Mice vanished into the hill.</p>

  <p>Yuan and the others dumbfoundedly looked at the Mice. Their injuries had disappeared, they didn’t look like Undead at all. If they didn’t see Zhao Hai kill them, then they would have believed that Hao Donglai and the others were still alive.</p>

  <p>As Hao Donglai’s group dug into the ground, Yuan finally responded as he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, were those Hao Donglai’s group?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Yes, they want to steal our thornweed so I turned them into Undead. It’s appropriate for them to scout for us.”</p>

  <p>Yuan heard Zhao Hai and couldn’t help but laugh. Then he patted Zhao Hai’s shoulder without saying anything. At this time, Xiong Li and the others noticed what was happening so they approached Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Xiong Li looked at Zhao Hai and asked, “Little Hai, what happened? Why did you send those Undead?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Captain suspects that it has been too peaceful. It’s not normal. So I sent some Undead to take a look. If something happens, then we would only lose those Undead.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Li Kuangren smiled and said, “So it’s like that. We’ve been in the Six Realms Battlefield for several days already but my weapon has yet to be used. It’s annoying really.”</p>

  <p>Dongfang Yu smiled faintly and said, “We’ll certainly be able to fight. But we still need to be careful. After all, this is the Six Realms Battlefield. If we can’t save Little Hai when the time comes, then we brothers will lose a lot of face.”</p>

  <p>Sun Fei chuckled and said, “I really want to try my new spells. But I haven’t had the opportunity. In any case, I’ve been saved by Fifth Brother several times already, so I don’t mind being saved once more. I’m actually getting used to it.”</p>

  <p>When they heard Sun Fei, Donfang Yu and the others couldn’t help but laugh. On the other hand, Yuan and the others were somewhat confused. The Six Realms Battlefield was an extremely dangerous place. Even Nascent Soul Experts would tread these waters with caution. If they were careless for even a moment, then there’s a good chance for them to be killed. But now, Dongfang Yu and the others weren’t worried at all. Instead, they looked excited. Yuan and the others could see that this attitude was caused by their infinite confidence in Zhao Hai. This caused them to be puzzled.</p>

  <p>At this time, a Demon Mouse came back and approached Zhao Hai. Then after hearing the situation, Zhao Hai’s expression changed. He waved his hand to receive the Demon Mouse before turning his head to Yuan and saying, “Captain, a group of Machine Field Experts are being attacked by Sprites in the east. It seems like the situation is critical. What do we do?”</p>

  <p>Yuan stared for a moment before he said, “Are you sure that they’re from the Machine Field?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “The Demon Mouse that just returned said that the team leader is a man with a long blade. He has around 30 subordinates with him. On the other side, the Sprites have 50 people. The situation isn’t looking so good.”</p>
</body>
</html>