<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 676: Rushing About</h3>

  <p>The place where Zhao Hai appeared on was outside the Emperor’s study. He can just appear inside, but Zhao Hai refrained from doing this in order to save the Emperor some face.</p>

  <p>Although the Emperor’s study was quite ordinary, there were some protectors hidden inside. Even the eunuch who was guarding the door outside was an expert himself.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai appeared, these protectors immediately centered their attention to him. The Eunuch outside the Emperor’s study looked coldly at Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai knew that this Eunuch was always with the Emperor, the Eunuch might look very ordinary, but in reality he was an 8th rank Assassin.</p>

  <p>Moreover, Zhao Hai also knew that the fellow that was always with the Emperor was also a high-level expert. However, all of these matters were unimportant to Zhao Hai. He was not here to assassinate the Emperor, therefore, he bowed to the Eunuch and said, “I ask sir Eunuch to please tell Father-in-law that I needed his audience.”</p>

  <p>The Old Eunuch naturally knew who Zhao Hai was, but since Zhao Hai appeared suddenly, he couldn’t help but get hostile. So when he heard Zhao Hai, he immediately returned the bow and said, “I ask the Emperor’s son-in-law to wait for a while.”</p>

  <p>Then the Eunuch opened the door of the study and walked in. Before long, he came out again and gave a bow to Zhao Hai before saying, “The Emperor invites his Son-in-law inside.” Then he opened the door for Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gave another bow to the Eunuch and said, “Thank You, Sir Eunuch.” Then he went inside the study.</p>

  <p>The Emperor was standing inside the study with his back facing Zhao Hai. When Zhao Hai entered, he immediately bowed to the Emperor and said, “I have seen Father-in-law.”</p>

  <p>The Emperor turned around and calmly said, “Little Hai, I always thought that you’re quite the discrete person. How come you came in this way this time?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai understood what the Emperor meant, he was blaming Zhao Hai for being quite crude inside the Imperial Palace. Zhao Hai turned serious as he said, “Something quite sudden happened, so it’s quite urgent. I had no other choice but to use this method, I hope that Father can excuse me.”</p>

  <p>The Emperor looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Alright, I know that you’re a sensible child. You wouldn’t do anything without proper purpose. Tell me, what did you come here for?”</p>

  <p>Then Zhao Hai took out his beast skin scroll and then handed it over to the Emperor, “I’ll have Father read this first. Then I will explain it to you in detail.”</p>

  <p>The Emperor nodded, then he received the beast skin scroll and slowly opened it. With a serious expression, the Emperor carefully read the contents.</p>

  <p>After a short while, he placed the beast skin scroll down and looked at Zhao Hai, “Is this the reason why you dealt with the Dragons? Where are they now?”</p>

  <p>With a straight expression, Zhao Hai replied, “They’re all dead. Not only them, all of the magic beasts in Accra Mountain has been exterminated.”</p>

  <p>The Emperor gently knit his eyebrows and said, “You did all of that?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “Half of it. The other half is not in my credit.”</p>

  <p>The Emperor was confused with this reply, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “What happened? Tell me everything carefully.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he started the story when he fixed the Divine Artifact of the Dwarves, then it moved to how he retrieved the Beast God Spear, then onto when he helped the Fishmen, then to the Elves, and in the end, the Demons. Everything was said quite carefully.</p>

  <p>The Emperor listened to Zhao Hai, and when Zhao Hai finished, the Emperor’s face was quite pale, he looked up at Zhao Hai and said, “So you’re saying that in seven days, the spatial rift in the Demonic Abyss would be opened and then a Demon army would come and invade us?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he forced a smile and said, “I’m afraid that is what is going to happen. Moreover, there is no means to stop the Blood Void formation. If we destroy it, then the rift would immediately open. We can’t have the rift open ahead of time.”</p>

  <p>The Emperor stood up, then he walked back and forth inside the study. After some time he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “And the Divine Race? You just said that there’s a possibility that the Divine Race would come.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai bitterly smiled and said, “Yes father, its highly probable that the Divine Race would come, otherwise, the Dragons wouldn’t have made their move. It is because of this that I needed to deal with the Dragons. Originally, I wanted to come here after I had dealt with the matter with the Elves. Then after that, talk to the Emperors of the continent, having everyone work together in order to deal with the Radiant Church. And making us unite when the Divine Race arrives. However, it seems like that wouldn’t work anymore because of the appearance of the Demons as well as the motion of the Dragons. Even if the Demons weren’t present, we still couldn’t afford to have the Dragons take control of the Lyon Empire. .If that happens and the Divine Realm did come, we would be placed in a much more passive position compared to if the Dragons were eliminated.”</p>

  <p>The Emperor looked at Zhao Hai, then he sighed and said, “So it turns out that you had been busy with this for a long time. I really didn’t think that the Demons and the Divine Race would take interest in our continent. It seems like a huge chaos is coming. You can rest assured, I shall immediately have my men prepare. Are you going to the other Empires now?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “Yes, the next one that I’ll go to is the Buddha Empire. The Demonic Abyss is situated there. I must have them prepare ahead of time. Father, please sign this beast skin scroll. I’m afraid that I won’t be able to convince the Buddha Emperor if I don’t have your mark.”</p>

  <p>The Emperor nodded and said, “Alright, then I’ll sign it immediately so that you can get on your way.” Then he picked up his pen and signed the beast skin scroll. After that, he handed the scroll over to Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai took the scroll before giving the Emperor a bow and then vanished from the room.</p>

  <p>After Zhao Hai left, the Emperor talked, “What do you think?”</p>

  <p>A chilly voice answered, “Chaos has come.”</p>

  <p>The Emperor nodded, then he turned his head and shouted a command, “Strike the Palace Drums, ring the Warning Bell!” The Eunuch complied and then left his position.</p>

  <p>The Palace Drums and the Warning Bell were symbolic items of the Rosen Empire. Only during life and death situations of the Empire would the drums be used. At the same time, when the Warning Bell sounds and rings for 12 times, all the Nobles and Ministers of the Empire should already be inside the Imperial Palace. If one fails to arrive, then they would have their title revoked and then executed for treason. One could see from these scenarios how important those two items were.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t have the mood to care about this now. He had appeared outside the Buddha Empire’s Imperial palace. He didn’t appear inside the Imperial Palace, after all, he only had a few dealings with the Buddha Empire. His status here wasn’t as high as back in the Rosen Empire.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knew that if he appeared inside the Imperial Palace, then the Buddha Emperor would surely come to dislike him. For Zhao Hai, this scenario was extremely detrimental to his cause. Therefore, he chose to appear right outside the palace.</p>

  <p>After Zhao Hai arrived, he immediately went towards the reception. The reception was just like the one in Rosen Empire. There were two Eunuchs in charge of registering everyone who came to visit. At the same time, there were also some Eunuchs fluttering in all directions.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai entered the reception, he immediately bowed towards the two Eunuchs, “This one has seen the Sir Eunuchs. This one is Zhao Hai, I’m here to seek an audience with the Buddha Emperor.”</p>

  <p>The two Eunuchs knew about Zhao Hai’s status, therefore, they didn’t dare to ignore him. The two of them stood up and bowed to Zhao Hai as one of them said, “Are you the Buda Clan’s Patriarch, Mister Zhao Hai?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I am indeed Zhao Hai. Please do arrange a meeting with the Emperor. I came here for an urgent matter.”</p>

  <p>The two Eunuchs didn’t dare to delay, so one of them immediately said, “Right, Mister can rest assured, we shall take this matter with haste. Please take a seat first, Mister.” Then one of the Eunuch wrote Zhao Hai’s name in the record as one of them immediately arranged for someone to inform the Imperial Palace.</p>

  <p>The response of the two eunuchs wasn’t strange. Zhao Hai’s status in the Buddha Empire wasn’t low, after all, he has established a magic beast business with the Buddha Empire. At the same time, everyone knew that the Buddha Emperor has a good impression of Zhao Hai. He even hosted a banquet to welcome him, the Emperor was even quite happy when talking to Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>And most importantly, rumors has been circulating in the past two days. It was said that Zhao Hai had eliminated 40 Dragons inside the Lyon Empire’s capital. Zhao Hai has become the first Human to slay a Dragon in the current history of the Human race.</p>

  <p>Therefore, these eunuchs didn’t dare to neglect Zhao Hai’s visit. Even if they had all the courage of their lifetime, they still wouldn’t dare to offend someone who had slain a Dragon.</p>

  <p>Before long, a young eunuch came and bowed to Zhao Hai, “Mister, please come with me. The Emperor has invited you over to his study.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he walked towards the Imperial Palace along with that young eunuch. It didn’t take a long time before they arrived outside the Buddha Emperor’s study. The Eunuch who guarded the Emperor’s study immediately bowed to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, come in. His Majesty is already waiting for you.” Zhao Hai nodded and then entered the room.</p>

  <p>The Buddha Emperor was already standing inside, waiting for Zhao Hai to come in. When he saw Zhao Hai arrive, the Buddha Emperor immediately laughed and said, “Mister, why did you come? What made you so anxious that you had to make an urgent appointment?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai bowed and replied, “I have seen Your Majesty. I came here this time in order to discuss about an important matter.”</p>

  <p>The Emperor smiled and said, “Mister is too polite. Please sit down and then tell me.”</p>

  <p>After Zhao Hai gave his thanks to the Emperor, he took out his beast skin scroll and said, “Your Majesty, please take a look at this first. Then I will tell you the details.”</p>

  <p>The Buddha Emperor smiled, then he received the scroll and slowly unraveled ut. His response was similar to the Rosen Emperor. He had a shocked expression while he read the scroll. Then he looked up at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, are the contents in here true?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hao nodded and said, “This is a crucial matter, so how can I deceive Your Majesty? This information only tells a small part of the story. The reason why I deal with the Dragons was because…..” Then Zhao Hai told the Emperor everything up to the Demon Race’s matter. When the Buddha Emperor heard that a spatial rift would open, and moreover, in the Demonic Abyss, his face couldn’t help but turn pale.</p>
</body>
</html>