<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 616: Dangerous Character</h3>

  <p>The pile of dead magic beasts had now turned into a pile of bones. There was no blood nor flesh found, only bones were present.</p>

  <p>This gave a very strong impact to those who were present. The Fishmen couldn’t help but feel a chill. And at this time, more shocking things happened, the pile of bones had started moving!</p>

  <p>Under the gazes of the Fishmen, each bone of that pile started to move. The bones then started rolling into the sea before slowly forming up and lining themselves. The big ones were at the bottom while the small beasts were at the top.</p>

  <p>Before long, a hundred thousand magic beasts had arrange themselves in a cube formation, filling the space of the surrounding sea. The Fishmen couldn’t help but retreat as their expression changed. They wanted to be as far from these undead as possible.</p>

  <p>Seeing the Fishmen retreat, Zhao Hai moved slightly and with an intention, the Undead beasts suddenly vanished. The only ones left behind were two turtle type beasts.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai jumped on top of the undead turtle and then bowed to Dashan, “I thank captain Dashan. I shall be leaving first, I want to take a look at what my wives are doing. The captain doesn’t need to accompany me any longer.” The the turtle under Zhao Hai moved its four limbs as it slowly swam towards Mermaid island. But at this time, Dashan still hasn’t recovered.</p>

  <p>Only when Zhao Hai was close to Mermaid Island did Dashan recover. His face couldn’t help but change as he turned his head to look at Zhao Hai. His eyes were full of dread, in his mind, Zhao Hai had become a very dangerous person. This fellow can actually carry hundreds of undead beasts with him. Such a person being in Mermaid Island was a very unsafe factor.</p>

  <p>After thinking about this, Dashan immediately urged his mount as he followed along Zhao Hai towards Mermaid Island. While Zhao Hai was looking for his wives, Dashan went to look for Jintai. He thinks that monitoring Zhao Hai’s every move was imperative to their own safety.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was not aware of what Dashan was thinking. He just stood on top of his undead turtle as he looked around Mermaid Island. Mermaid Island was very large and was surrounded by numerous reefs. Some Mermaids playing on the reefs could also be seen from time to time.</p>

  <p>While Zhao Hai was intrigued, the Mermaids were curious about Zhao Hai as well. Sensing their gazes, Zhao Hai did his best to not meet their sight. He didn’t know the customs here, so he might get into trouble if he did look them in the eye.</p>

  <p>But what made Zhao Hai feel strange was the fact that he hasn’t seen an old Mermaid. All he had seen looked like young beautiful women. Even inside the palace, Zhao Hai couldn’t spot an old Mermaid while using the monitor.</p>

  <p>Before long, Zhao Hai had finally found Laura and the others. They were currently sitting in a reef while chatting with some Mermaids. The group looked very jolly.</p>

  <p>Meg had sharp eyes, so when she saw Zhao Hai, she immediately waved towards him. Zhao Hai directed the turtle to go forward before he looked at them and said, “You go and play some more. I’ll go and discuss some matters with Her Majesty. Right, I’ll also be leaving some turtles here to save Commander Jintai the trouble.” Then he withdrew some turtle type undead magic beasts. Then he nodded towards Laura and the others before heading back to the middle stone pillar.</p>

  <p>When he reached the stone pillar, Zhao Hai had found that Dashan and Jintai were already there. When he went close, he discovered that their expression had changed.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hao carefully looked into their eyes and found that there was a hint of fear on Dashan’s eyes. However, although there was still fear in Jintai’s eyes, there was also a hint of excitement mixed in as well.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t think too much about it. He came here to cooperate with the Mermaids and not to make enemies out of them. So as long as the Mermaids treat him as an ally, then Zhao Hai believed that they won’t attack him.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai came forward, Jintai and Dashan immediately gave him a salute. Zhao Hai can feel that the greeting this time was more sincere than before..</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai immediately returned the gesture before he turned to Jintai and said, “Commander, I’ve already given Laura and the others some turtles. You don’t need to send people to fetch them. Right, can I go see the Queen right now?”</p>

  <p>Jintai nodded and said, “Come with me.” Then he used his mount as they swam against the stone pillar’s current. Zhao Hai gave Dashan a nod before following Jintai up.</p>

  <p>When Dashan looked at Zhao Hai’s departing back, he couldn’t help but let out a long sigh. Ever since he saw Zhao Hai turn those magic beasts into undead, he had started to feel immense pressure when seeing Zhai Hai. But now that he had left, Dashan felt relief.</p>

  <p>Dashan looked at the pillar and then said, “It seems like the Sea Dragons have terrifying bad luck.” Then he shook his head as he submerged into the water.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai, along with Jintai, had returned to the big pool. After reaching the shore, Zhao Hai immediately stored his undead magic beast into the Space. Then he gave Jintai a salute before heading towards the Great Hall.</p>

  <p>But before Zhao Hai reached the Great Hall, Lola came to greet him. When Lola saw Zhao Hai, she couldn’t help but gawk slightly. Then she immediately said, “Mister Zhao Hai, Her Majesty is already waiting for you inside.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded. Then Lola turned around and led Zhao Hai to walk towards the Great Hall. Upon arriving inside, Zhao Hai saw that Luo Luo was sitting right beside the Queen as if telling her something. The Queen was also listening as she nodded from time to time.</p>

  <p>After Zhao Hai and Lola greeted the Queen, the Queen nodded and said, “I didn’t expect mister to come back so soon. Did mister’s summoning go smoothly?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Very smooth. &#160;Your Majesty doesn’t need to worry about it. I can go to the battlefield anytime you want. You should know that a Dark Mage’s power is at its peak on the battlefield.”</p>

  <p>The Queen nodded and said, “I ask mister to wait for two days. In two days, the Whales, Swordfishes, and Turtles would send an army towards the frontlines. Mister can then go along with them.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Then I’ll go with Your Majesty’s arrangement. If it’s possible, I’d like to ask Your Majesty to give me some information about the Sea Dragons and their army. Is that alright?”</p>

  <p>The Queen nodded, “That’s not a problem. Mister can rest assured, those materials would get to you as soon as possible.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and then bowed to the Queen, “Then this Zhao Hai would like to be excused. If there are more magic beasts, please send someone to inform me.”</p>

  <p>The Queen nodded, “Alright, if Mister has something he wants, then don’t hesitate to send word.” Zhao Hai nodded, and then expressed his gratitude before bowing to the Queen and then leaving.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai left, Luo Luo immediately turned to the Queen and said, “Your Majesty, this Zhao Hai is too dangerous. He just waved and turned a hundred thousand magic beasts into undead. Moreover, he can actually store them somewhere. Such a person living in this place is very dangerous.”</p>

  <p>The Queen smiled faintly and said, “No need to be worried about Zhao Hai. He is our ally, the stronger he is, the more advantages we’ll have. Rest assured, no bad thing will happen.”</p>

  <p>Luo Luo replied, “Now that I saw what Dark Mages are, I can understand why the continent deemed them to be emissaries of evil. They are really frightening. In a blink of an eye, the hundred thousand magic beasts had turned into bone. It was too scary. I really don’t know how he got his wives. He didn’t just snatch them right?”</p>

  <p>The Queen looked at Luo Luo and smiled, “Luo Luo, don’t judge a person by their outside appearance. The Radiant Church was incomparably sacred in the surface, but was actually the worst people. And although Mister Zhao Hai uses Dark Magic, he actually has not injured an innocent person. Luo Luo, remember this, strength doesn’t describe good or evil, it’s the person himself that decides to be good or evil. Understood?”</p>

  <p>Luo Luo nodded, “I understand. Your Majesty, with the addition of Mister Zhao Hai, I’ve become much more confident in our chances to win this war. Also, Your Majesty, what did mister Zhao Hai mean when he said that a Dark Mage is most powerful in the battlefield?”</p>

  <p>The Queen smiled and said, “What does the battlefield have the most? It’s dead people. A Dark Mage can turn those corpses into undead. Moreover, those undead can also lead the opposing party to lose morale. Think about it, you have comrades who you’ve shared happiness and fear together, then when those comrades dies, they suddenly stand up and start attacking you. At that time, would you have the guts to turn your weapons against your friends? Or will you turn around and flee?”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing the Queen, Luo Luo’s face couldn’t help but get pale. Although she has not gone to the battlefield, she had participated in magic beast hunting groups. If what the Queen said happened to her, then she would collapse immediately! The scene described by the Queen had Luo Luo shivering in fear.</p>

  <p>The Queen looked at Luo Luo and felt that she had scared her too much. So she patted Luo Luo’s shoulder and said, “It’s because of this that the Dark Mages have become the most powerful Mages before the arrival of the Radiant Church. But there were also Dark Mages that loved to slaughter civilians in order to turn them into undead. Such Dark Mages are meant to be destroyed.</p>

  <p>Luo Luo nodded, then the Queen looked at Luo Luo and continued, “You don’t have to doubt Mister Zhao Hai’s morals as well. The status of each of his wives aren’t low.. Since you haven’t gone to the continent, they you didn’t know that the story of Mister Zhao Hai and his wives has spread to all Human nations. Mister Zhao Hai is a person who many people envy.”</p>

  <p>Luo Luo looked at the Queen and said, “Your Majesty, is Mister Zhao Hai really famous in the continent? But he is a Dark Mage, does nobody fear him?”</p>

  <p>The Queen shook her head and said, “Mister Zhao Hai’s reputation on the continent can only be considered to be normal. But when commoners mention his name, they couldn’t help but call him vicious and merciless. He had turned hundreds of thousands of Aksu Empire troops into undead in a single night. Hearing that, wouldn’t you also think that he was vicious and merciless?”</p>
</body>
</html>