<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1045: Small Heart</h3>

  <p>Laura and the others immediately saw Zhao Hai when he went out of his room. They had been paying close attention to the door, therefore they were quickly able to see that he was awake.</p>

  <p>After the women greeted him, Zhao Hai looked at their expressions and couldn’t help but smile faintly, “What happened? How long was I asleep?”</p>

  <p>Laura replied, “You’ve been out for three days and three nights. We didn’t expect you to pass out, but Meg told us that you will be alright.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I didn’t expect that guy to pass a lot of things to me. It took me a long time to digest it, but I did get a small benefit.”</p>

  <p>Laura stared, then she asked, “What benefit?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled before going to the sofa to sit. Laura and the others also sat down. After everyone has been settled, Zhao Hai turned to the monitor and said, “I reckon you already know about the origin on the giant heart, right? Just like what was depicted on the murals, the giant heart was a holy relic guarded by those humans.”</p>

  <p>While Zhao Hai was looking through those murals, Laura and the others were also watching from the monitor. Naturally, they knew what Zhao Hai was talking about. They also understood the origin of the heart from those murals.</p>

  <p>After looking at their expressions, Zhao Hai nodded before he continued, “The information I received is directly connected to the Underworld. From its formation up to its current state. Everything was because of the heart.”</p>

  <p>These words evoked the curiosity of the women. They were eagerly listening to what Zhao Hai would say next. Zhao Hai went on, “You already know some of the things that happened at first. When that great god was born, the Underworld began to form. What happened to the great god’s heart was already painted on the murals. It was said that before placing his entire vitality into the giant heart, the person guarding the heart placed it in the bottom of this lake. Therefore, in the beginning, the heart could only take the lake water in. Nobody knew how many years have passed, but a spatial rift suddenly appeared in the Underworld. What came out of the spatial rift weren’t people, instead there were corpses. These were the corpses of the people from the Hundred Spirit Clan.”</p>

  <p>Laura and the other stared, they didn’t expect the heart to remember these things. Zhao Hai looked at them and smiled faintly, “You shouldn’t underestimate the heart. After all, it is a heart of a world-creating god, his most important organ. Its uses are near infinite. Alright, let’s continue. As more and more corpses from the Hundred Spirit Clan fell into the Underworld, the death energy here became stronger and stronger. Because of this, the Dark Mist that wouldn’t dissipate began to form. Since the heart can absorb the power of the heavens and the earth, it extended two arteries out while being escorted by the creatures of the lake. These arteries became the two pillars. One of them extended out of the lake, sucking in Dark Mist while the other artery stretched out sideways from the lake. Slowly, the blood river formed as well as the blood ponds which supply blood energy to the Underworld.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stopped for a moment before continuing, “The Underworld’s development happened under the gaze of the giant heart. The heart is actually aware and intelligent. It thinks that the Dark Temple wouldn’t just unify the Underworld for no reason. In fact, it thinks that those from the Cultivation Realm were the people who ran away in the past. Also, that person from the Dark Temple was someone from the Cultivation Realm. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have thrown the corpses of the Hundred Spirit Clans here. There were still some people who remembered the story and still wanted to take the heart. Because of this, they established the Dark Temple in order to unify the Underworld and find the heart.”</p>

  <p>Laura and the others stared at Zhao Hai. They didn’t expect the events to tie up like this. The things that Zhao Hai spoke about seems to be reasonable. In the past, they didn’t know anything about the Underworld, so they best they could do was speculate. But now it was different, Zhao Hai became aware of the Underworld’s matters because of the giant heart. After adding it to their speculation, they believed that they weren’t that far from the truth.</p>

  <p>Megan discovered something from what Zhao Hai said. She looked at Zhao Hai and asked, “Brother Hai, didn’t you say that the heart can absorb the Dark Mist and transform it into Blood Energy? And it could also make blood energy from the energy of the heavens and the earth? If we can subdue the heart, then we would surely gain huge advantages.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hao nodded. Then he looked at the heart on the monitor before he sighed and shook his head, “We’re not short of good things right now. Moreover, the giant heart is a crucial component of the Underworld. If we take the heart away, then the Underworld would lose its blood energy. Who knows what will happen to the Undead and the Dark Creatures then.”</p>

  <p>Megan and the others nodded. If it was any other place, then they wouldn’t mind taking the heart. However, the Underworld would become their back garden in the future. It wouldn’t be great if a disaster would happen to this place.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the others and smiled, “Although the heart doesn’t have its own wisdom, it can actually understand simply communication. I will tell it to not worry. It wouldn’t be great if it suffered a heart attack.”</p>

  <p>After hearing Zhao Hai, Laura and the others couldn’t help but chuckle. They spent a long time inside the Space, and ever since the Science and Technology Backgrounds has been unlocked, they were able to know more about people from the Earth. They also knew things about heart attacks and so on. Therefore, they were able to understand Zhao Hai’s small joke.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai returned to the Underworld. From the information he received, he knew that this palace was called the Heart Cauldron Palace, it was specifically made to house the heart.</p>

  <p>The reason why Zhao Hai didn’t take the heart to the Space was because his conscience didn’t allow him to. He was moved by the people who fervently defended the heart.</p>

  <p>These people guarded the heart up to the very last man. Zhao Hai was touched by their persistence. He couldn’t bear to take the heart away from them.</p>

  <p>Moreover, in addition to the information he obtained from the heart, he also received a plea to not move the heart. As long as Zhao Hai didn’t move the heart, then the heart would bestow the copper cauldron to him. This cauldron could refine living creatures, an example of this were the Blood Spirit Beasts.</p>

  <p>The predecessor of the Blood Spirit Beasts was a magic beast known as soul octopus. After being refined by the copper cauldron, it turned into the Blood Spirit Beasts. Also, this cauldron was made by the heart’s defenders, it would definitely be a rare treasure.</p>

  <p>In the eyes of other people, they would see that the heart had no attacking power, and that the Blood Spirit Beasts were unable to enter the palace. And since this was the case, then people might have the idea of taking the cauldron and the heart away.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai didn’t think the same way. He was affected by the heart’s defenders. Also, the heart wasn’t very useful to him. The heart takes in the energy of the heavens and the earth and transform it into blood energy, Zhao Hai thinks that this wasn’t an ordinary ability. Therefore, Zhao Hai didn’t think about absorbing the heart into the Space.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai arrived by the giant heart, he gave it a gentle stroke as he said, “You can stay here. Since the cauldron is useful to me, I will be taking it away. Rest assured, I won’t let anybody harm you.”</p>

  <p>After he said that, Zhao Hai let go. Just as he was about to head towards the copper cauldron, the entire hall suddenly vibrated. Zhao Hai stared, then he immediately erected a protective shield around him as well as the heart. But not long after that, he was met with a huge shock. Right below the heart was another heart, albeit this one was much smaller, about normal size. Moreover, this small heart was beating with more vigor than the giant heart.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai carefully looked at the small heart. At this time, the small heart shot out from the ground and headed towards Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai felt a red light flash before the small heart entered his body.</p>

  <p>While Zhao Hai was startled, he suddenly felt a comfortable feeling in his own chest. Then Zhao Hai felt that his heart’s beat had become more powerful. His absorption of the heaven and earth’s energy has also increased, his body became more formidable as well. This made Zhao Hai very confused.</p>

  <p>Then at this moment, a white light shot out from the heart. Zhao Hai knew that this was another string of information, therefore he had the five element killing formation let the light through.</p>

  <p>Just like Zhao Hai thought, the white light was another batch of information. Moreover, it explained the origin of the small heart and why Zhao Hai felt his body growing stronger.</p>
</body>
</html>