<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 940: The O’Neal Family’s Worry</h3>

  <p>To be honest, Fei’er and the others haven’t thought about this before. They were too small for matters like these. What were these people? They were Deities, the managers of planes. Compared to the Divines Race’s Supreme Elders, these people were much more powerful.</p>

  <p>However, the one thing they could understand was that the moment these two existences fought, small people like them would surely be affected. What would happen if these two deities fight and take their treasures out to deal a fatal blow? It would be impossible for small people to survive such an impact. Moreover, in the eyes of these two people, those on the lower planes were merely tools used to gather Faith Power.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the three and sighed, “Presently in the Ark Continent, besides the O’Neal family, the underworld’s undead and magic beasts are also present. The undead and magic beasts are currently hiding inside the poisonous Dark Mist. If we go in, not only would we get poisoned, we would be assaulted by the underworld’s creatures as well. Among these creatures are beings with spiritual wisdom, much like humans. At this time, the Underworld had seized the Aksu Empire and it will slowly swallow the entire Ark Continent. After that, the Dark Mist would surely enter the spatial rifts and enter the Divine Realm. When that time comes, the Divines wouldn’t be able to stop them, much less you.”</p>

  <p>After speaking up to here, Zhao Hai let out a long breath and said, “Because of these reasons, I have to use some methods in order to compel you to enter the Space. At the very least, I would be able to provide you with absolute safety. You can live here with relief, nobody will come to attack you. You won’t need to worry about having something to eat.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai continued, “I can help you block the nine Supreme Elders, but I cannot use my full strength. I could only entangle the Supreme Elders, but this will just waste even more time. Most importantly, I cannot stay in this plane for too long. If I couldn’t send you to the Space as soon as possible, then I would risk leaving you behind when I ascend. Because of this, I can only resort to this terrible plan. Although your clans would suffer serious losses, you won’t be exterminated at the very least. You’re clan could still continue and develop slowly.”</p>

  <p>After speaking up to here, Zhao Hai looked at the three people’s eyes and said, “I don’t care about what you might think right now. You may hate me or blame me, I only did what I think is correct.”</p>

  <p>Fei’er and the others stayed silent. They understood what Zhao Hai meant. However, even after hearing the truth from Zhao Hai, the three still couldn’t blame him. Fei’er shook his head and said, “Mister, we won’t be unfair to you. You have tried your best, the ones to be blamed should be us.” Ding and Shan nodded in agreement.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai sighed and said, “How are you planning to deal with the Winged Pegasus now? Have you figured out a way?”</p>

  <p>Shan frowned and replied, “Mister, the clan’s situation is already out of my control. The Patriarch accused me of trying to assassinate him, ordering the entire clan for my arrest. Because of this, the clan became in opposition to mister. Moreover, the nine Supreme Elders weren’t showing their fierce sides. This caused the clan to keep their hopes up, those who initially wanted to move to the Space changed their minds. Speaker Fang is also trying to convince our clansmen, but the result isn’t ideal.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gently knit his brows. It can be said that dealing with this ally was more difficult than dealing with an enemy. For his enemies, Zhao Hai could just dispatch his troops and throw them to the Space. But to an ally, this wouldn’t be a good idea.</p>

  <p>Ding said, “The Barbarian Patriarch will enter the Space in about two days. He said that he would try to persuade the Winged Pegasus Patriarch in hopes that he would enter the Space.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai sighed and said, “I’m afraid that this wouldn’t be easy, it may not succeed. But go on and still try it. I don’t much time to take care of your affairs recently, I can only leave this matter to you. Let’s just hope that the Supreme Elders would shift their target to the foreign races. Otherwise, the situation would become more dangerous.”</p>

  <p>Shan and the others had a heavy heart. In this case, they had less methods to use. Even if Zhao Hai was willing to help them, things still wouldn’t be positive. After all, Zhao Hai can’t just forcefully take the Winged Pegasus Clan and throw them to the Space.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the three and then said, “Alright, I already told you what you need to know. I must go back and prepare to deal with the Pisces Divines so I won’t be staying here for long. You need to be careful. And Shan, you need to find a solution as soon as possible.”</p>

  <p>Shan nodded. Then Zhao Hai’s figure flashed before disappearing. After Zhao Hai left, Shan turned his head to Fei’er and said, “Fei’er, do you think that what mister said was real?”</p>

  <p>Fei’er nodded and said, “It should be at least 80% true. You had seen the O’Neal family. The Divine Race had ruled the Divine Realm for a long time. If they really allowed the study on magic formations, then they surely would have magic armors no lesser in ability compared to the O’Neal family. But after such a long time, did the Divine Race’s magic formation change even a little bit? Because of this, I believe that mister was telling the truth. Just like mister said, if our three clans don’t enter the Space, then sooner or later we would be eliminated.”</p>

  <p>Shan and Ding nodded. They agreed with Fei’er’s words. Given Zhao Hai’s strength, if it wasn’t for their relationship, then Zhao Hai would just completely ignore them. They believed that Zhao Hai didn’t lack people. The three suspected that the Ark Continent’s people, the Demons, and even the Taurus Divines were also inside the Space. Zhao Hai wouldn’t have any losses if he leaves the three clans behind. This also made Shan worry. Zhao Hai had shown them the future, but his clansmen still weren’t moving. This caused Shan to be at a difficult position.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai emerged inside the Hell King’s ship upon exiting the Space. Upon seeing Zhao Hai, Laura said, “Brother Hai, why did you suddenly decide to tell Fei’er and the others everything?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “They already had suspicions, so I might as well tell them the truth. In any case, they are already inside the Space. If they wanted to leave then that won’t be a problem. If they decide to leave, then nobody could blame me for what happens to them.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded, she also knew that what Zhao Hai said was true. Zhao Hai agreed to move the three clans to the Space because of the current situation. It can be said that the three clans moving to the Space would offer no immediate advantage to Zhao Hai. They would only provide Faith Power in the far off future.</p>

  <p>Lizzy looked at the monitor, it was currently showing the situation with the spatial rift. She turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, now that the O’Neal family has entered the rift, how do you plan to deal with them? Will you try to direct them towards the Winged Pegasus clan?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai slightly smiled and said, “Right, let’s just lead them over. Let’s see how strong the magic armors really are. There are God-rank magic armors in the O’Neal family. I want to see how formidable those are.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy nodded and said, “What about now? Do we attack their base? Stop them from building it?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Just let them build it. The O’Neal family isn’t doing very well. We will to deal with the Pisces Divines first.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s words weren’t cursing the O’Neal family. The O’Neal family really weren’t having a great time. The O’Neal Patriarch was currently sitting inside his study, a letter in front of him. The letter was written by those in the northern defensive line.</p>

  <p>They had made the proper arrangements for the northern defensive line, even sending strong energy cannons. But in the letter, the general in charge of the north reported that the energy cannons were doing a poor job in holding the dark mist back. Even if they used all of their firepower, the dark mist was still expanding, it wasn’t showing any intention to stop. To say it bluntly, all of their previous efforts were useless.</p>

  <p>This was the most worrying thing for the O’neal family. If the northern army couldn’t defend, then what could they do? The expansion of the Dark Mist was almost constant, it wouldn’t reduce its speed for anything. It wasn’t that fast, but it couldn’t be said to be slow either.</p>

  <p>If the Dark Mist continued expanding at this speed, then in a few months it would prove to be a threat to the O’Neal family. This caused the Patriarch to have a headache.</p>

  <p>At this time, footsteps were suddenly heard. Then a servant’s voice was heard, “Patriarch, the Junior Patriarch has sent word.”</p>

  <p>When the Patriarch heard his servant, he couldn’t help but stare for a moment before his expression changed as he said, “Give it here, quick.” The servant complied immediately and opened the door to enter and deliver the letter to the Patriarch.</p>

  <p>The Patriarch looked at the letter, then he broke the seal before opening it. He thought that Axe had suffered setbacks in the attack and was asking for reinforcements. But after reading the letter, the Patriarch’s expression couldn’t help but light up. He placed the letter down on the table and laughed.</p>

  <p>The letter’s arrival was too timely. There’s no need to worry about the northern defensive line now. This letter happened to give them a way out.</p>

  <p>At this point, the Patriarch believed that Axe was the O’Neal family’s good fortune. Not only did he discover the Ark Continent, he even found a new plane.</p>
</body>
</html>