<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1172: Becoming Friends With The Wu Family</h3>

  <p>In the next couple of days, Zhao Hai stayed in his room and rarely went out. To be honest, Zhao Hai’s greatest harvest weren’t the things he gained from Yellowsand Planet, but instead his meeting with the cultivators.</p>

  <p>These Cultivators were so arrogant in front of the Machine Field’s fleet. This caused complex feelings inside Zhao Hai’s heart. He was able to take a glimpse of the Cultivation Realm’s rules. Actually, it can be said that there were no rules in the Cultivation Realm. Whoever had the biggest fist gets the last word.</p>

  <p>If there were any rules in the Cultivation Realm, then it would be the law of the jungle. The weak were prey to the strong. Everything depended on strength.</p>

  <p>The Cultivators just had a small boat, but they were still able to plunge the Machine Field’s fleet into a state of alarm. One could see the strength of the Cultivation Realm from this point.</p>

  <p>This also made Zhao Hai more eager to get stronger. Unfortunately, his situation was different from the others. His strength was closely related to the Space. It was almost impossible for him to have the same path of progression as the others.</p>

  <p>If others were to know that Zhao Hai wasn’t satisfied with his speed of cultivation, then they would certainly be furious. It was good that Zhao Hai wouldn’t reveal this thought to the others.</p>

  <p>Ten days quickly flew past. Zhao Hai spent most of the ten days inside his room, but he was also chatting with Xiong Li using their computers. Naturally, their relationship was getting better.</p>

  <p>On the other hand, when Zhao Hai’s roommate saw Zhao Hai casually chatting with Xiong Li, he couldn’t help but feel envious. One must know that Xiong Li was one of the ten great experts. He was an idol to many people.</p>

  <p>The fleet arrived at Machine Field Planet after ten days of travel. When Zhao Hai got down from his ship, he immediately saw Cadjo, Desbarres, Luke, and Margaret. They were standing beside a car waiting for Zhao Hai and the others.</p>

  <p>And just as Zhao Hai took a step forward, Margaret immediately dashed towards him. She hugged Zhao Hai and didn’t say anything else. On the other hand, Zhao Hai just chuckled.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai let go of Margaret after some time. They haven’t seen each other for ten days. Even if Margaret was inside the Space, she still wasn’t able to meet Zhao Hai.&#160;</p>

  <p>After Zhao Hai let go of Margaret, Cadjo approached him. Cadjo inspected Zhao Hai before he nodded and said, “Good, very good. I heard that only 2 out of ten participants in this round managed to pass. And aside from the two participants that you saved, nobody else from the family was able to survive. It seems like the family would have to rely on you from this point on.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “General Manager, rest assured. I’ll certainly bring in achievements.”</p>

  <p>Cadjo nodded. At this time, the other two participants from the Ashley family arrived. They gave Cadjo a salute before Cadjo led them towards the car. After doing this, Cadjo turned to Zhao Hai and said, “I heard that you got to know Xiong Li?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I did meet him in Yellowsand Planet. Then we chatted the whole time. But we didn’t try to spar since it might give others an advantage.”</p>

  <p>Cadjo nodded and said, “That’s good. Xiong Li is from the Wu Family. We didn’t have any relationship with them before. But a couple of days ago someone from the Wu Family came to visit me. He was very polite. This is all because of you. This is a great contribution for the family.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “It’s nothing. I just thought that it wouldn’t be good for me if I fight Xiong Li. I even let Sun Fei go since the situation isn’t appropriate. I’ll wait until the official battles. I’ll waste his cultivation in front of everyone.”</p>

  <p>Cadjo patted Zhao Hai’s shoulder before they boarded the car. Since there were only a few participants left, the entire group rode on one car. Zhao Hai and Margaret were in the middle seats while Tao Li and the person from the Ghost Symbol Camp were on the back.</p>

  <p>After boarding, Cadjo turned his head to Zhao Hai and said, “I heard that Zhu Chen has offended a lot of people. Did you run into him?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “I didn’t&#160; But I heard from Xiong Li that he has been terrorizing level 3’s. But he’s trained by the Divine Earth Palace, his backing should be strong. Is there a problem?”</p>

  <p>Cadjo coldly snorted and said, “Problem? Yes, but not for us. Although Churches are very powerful, the influence of other families aren’t something to be trifled with. Zhu Chen’s wanton slaughter attracted the ire of these families. At this point, no matter which power Zhu Chen faces in this competition, all of them would go all out.”&#160;</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, he also thought that Zhu Chen had been excessive. They were only competing for slots, they weren’t personal enemies. There was no need for slaughter. It seems like Zhu Chen was one of those bloodthirsty people.</p>

  <p>Before long, the car arrived at the Ashley Family’s office. Cadjo brought everyone to the dining hall and treated everyone to a delicious meal. When the group arrived at the hall, everything was already prepared. After everyone had sat down, Cadjo lifted his wine glass and said, “This glass is dedicated to the three who survived the elimination round.” Then he downed the liquor in the cup. Naturally, Zhao Hai and the others followed after.</p>

  <p>&#160;After drinking from his cup, Cadjo poured himself another glass before turning towards Tao Li and the person from the Ghost Symbol Camp, “Tao Li, Xue Zhong, the family has decided to withdraw your participation in the qualifiers. It’s too dangerous. The casualties in Yellowsand Planet caused a heavy atmosphere in the competition. If you enter the arena, you might not be able to survive. You’re also talents from the family and we don’t want to lose you as well. The Patriarch said that even if you were saved by Zhao Hai, this proves that you have luck on your side. You won’t be treated badly when you return. What do you think? If you still want to participate in the competition, then the family wouldn’t stop you.”</p>

  <p>Tao Li and Xue Zhong looked at each other, then they nodded. Tao Li stood up and bowed to Cadjo and said, “General Manager, please convey our gratitude to the Patriarch. Actually, when the two of us got out of Yellowsand Planet, we already thought of withdrawing from the competition. However, we’re afraid that the family wouldn’t allow us to, so we didn’t say anything. General Manager just told us what we wanted to hear. To be honest, back when we first arrived at Machine Field Planet, we thought that we might have some chance. But after this elimination round, we realized that continuing would just be courting death. We really thank the family for this.” Then the two bowed towards Cadjo and Desbarres.</p>

  <p>Cadjo waved his hand and said, “It’s good that you can still think clearly. Although you can get more rewards if you participate, it’s not worth it for the risk. Alright, sit back down and continue drinking.” Then the two sat down.</p>

  <p>Cadjo turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, since they won’t be participating anymore, we only have you left. You’re the hope of the family.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “General Manager, rest assured. The first place is already mine.”</p>

  <p>When they heard this, everyone laughed. Nobody thought that Zhao Hai was bragging. After all, Zhao Hai’s strength was the real deal. Even Xiong Li recognized his strength. This caused the Ashley Family’s&#160; confidence in him to increase.</p>

  <p>After everyone drank another cup of wine, Tao Li and Xue Zhong lifted their glass and turned to Zhao Hai. Then they said, “Sir, if it weren’t for your help, then we might not have been able to get out of Yellowsand Planet. Please accept this toast of our heartfelt gratitude.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly, then he raised his glass and said, “We’re from the same family, so it’s natural that we need to help each other. Before going to Yellowsand Planet, I initially wanted all of us to be in a team. But unfortunately, the committee didn’t allow us to do so. Meeting you two could be considered fate. There’s no need to be polite to me in the future. Let’s drink.” Then the three downed the liquor in their glass.</p>

  <p>Desbarres looked at Zhao Hai’s performance and smiled. He didn’t say a word. He was quite satisfied with Zhao Hai’s actions. It can be said that Zhao Hai was doing a huge favor for the Ashley Family’s External Halls. Saving Tao Li and Xue Zhong was a huge favor to the Upright Symbol Camp and the Ghost Symbol Camp.</p>

  <p>Thunder was also satisfied that Zhao Hai managed to save two talents. He was happy that Zhao Hai was being considerate towards the family. Although he didn’t follow this time, he was still talking with Cadjo and Desbarres. And there were no lack of boasting about Zhao Hai in these conversations. Thunder was also praising Desbarres. He thought that if Desbarres didn’t snatch Zhao Hai soon, then Zhao Hai might have already been taken in by the other families. Thunder was happy with Desbarres’s initiative to recruit Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>The group happily ate their meal. Although seven people died in the elimination round, this was something that Cadjo and the others already expected. Therefore, they weren’t very sad. Conversely, they were ecstatic that Zhao Hai had become friends with Xiong Li.</p>

  <p>Naturally, becoming friends with Xiong Li wasn’t significant. However, drawing a relationship with the Wu Family through Xiong Li was something extraordinary. The Wu Family’s position in the Warrior Association wasn’t low. Their strength and influence was also formidable. They weren’t any less compared to the Ashley Family. In the past, since one of them was a Warrior Family while the other was a Mage family, it was hard for them to establish a connection with each other. It can be said that the two were completely strangers to one another.&#160; And now, because of Zhao Hai’s actions, a bridge had appeared that could connect the two families together.</p>

  <p>After the meal, Zhao Hai returned to his room. Of course, Margaret also came in with him. Then the two immediately entered the Space. Zhao Hai was quite anxious because he wants to take a look at the Cultivators currently in Yellowsand Planet. He wanted to see what kind of trial they would do. And maybe he could gain some information just in case he met someone from the Cultivation Realm later on.</p>
</body>
</html>