<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 473: Endure!</h3>

  <p>While sitting on he carriage, Megan snorted and said, “Big Brother Hai, why do we need to endure? See this carriage, what kind of carriage is this? This is a carriage that servants ride on, why did you ride it?”</p>

  <p>Looking at Megan’s appearance, Zhao Hai faintly smiled and said, “It’s fine, don’t be too angry. You must have heard the servant calling me by my title, reminding me of my status. If we get angry, we would get Terry his satisfaction.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Megan became calm. She turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Big Brother Hai, are you really not angry?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “What’s the use of being angry? Even if we get unlucky today, think about the faces of the Robert Family tomorrow when they find out what just happened.”</p>

  <p>Megan smiled when she heard Zhao Hai, she said, “Alright, we’ll endure. We still have something to do later.” As she said that, the carriage stopped.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared outside when he got off the carriage. He stared not because the carriage stopped in front of the banquet hall, he stared because there were many people standing outside. Several of them looked at Zhao Hai with a ridiculing smile on their face.</p>

  <p>Terry stood in front of these people, looking at Zhao Hai with a faint smile. Seeing that Zhao Hai’s group had already got down from the carriage, Terry smiled and said, “Count Buda, are you comfortable with the carriage we’ve arranged you? There are no other carriages available for the count, our Robert Family only has this carriage left.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It’s fine, I thank Mister Terry for the concern. I didn’t think that there was such a malnourished horse in the Robert Family. It seems like the Robert Family isn’t doing well lately. I’ll have someone come to your family tomorrow and deliver ten Fire Horses that I use to pull my carriages. It really hurts the Robert Family’s face if they use a thin horse just like that one.”</p>

  <p>When Terry heard Zhao Hai, his complexion couldn’t help but change. He didn’t expect Zhao Hai to say such things.</p>

  <p>He wanted to insult Zhao Hai with this method, he didn’t think that Zhao Hai would have that response. He actually made the Robert Family look poor.</p>

  <p>Terry coldly snorted and said, “What kind of people is our Robert Family for us to treat our guests like that? Our treatment of Count Buda this time is quite acceptable.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It seems like the Robert Family deemed me to be unbearable, so why would they take the effort to send me an invite? Is the family not afraid of someone like me defiling your castle? If that’s the case, then Mister Terry might as well break this castle tomorrow since I’ve already polluted the place.”</p>

  <p>Although Zhao Hai seemed like he was demeaning himself, saying such things about himself, the people present weren’t fools. These people knew what Terry did in the past. Because of this nobody dared approach Megan. Seeing that Zhao Hai and Terry going head to head with each other, these people felt interested and excited.</p>

  <p>Terry’s complexion paled, he coldly snorted and then turned towards the crowd, “Everybody, please enter the hall for the feast.” Then he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “I’m inviting Count Buda in as well.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai faintly smiled and said, “I thank Mister Terry. For Mister Terry to personally invite a lowly person like myself really gives me great honor.” Then he led Megan and the others towards the hall, leaving the black faced Terry behind.</p>

  <p>Those who came out with Terry wanted to watch something fun, and they weren’t disappointed. They didn’t reveal too much in their expressions, but seeing how Terry and Zhao Hai interacted with each other, they knew that something interesting was going to happen inside the hall.</p>

  <p>After going inside, Zhao Hai separated with Laura and the others as Jason went by his side. Jason patted Zhao Hai’s shoulder and said, “You really are very good with your mouth. What’s happening? I didn’t expect that you would be present here today.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Why wouldn’t I come? I want to see his expression today and what kind of attitude Terry uses when dealing with me. To be honest, I’m quite let down. If the heirs of the Robert Family are all like this, then I couldn’t help but feel disappointed.”</p>

  <p>Jason smiled, “You should be careful with your words, Terry is not simple. With how he treated you today, I’m very sure that he has something planned. You should have went back earlier.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Jason, he knew that Jason’s concern was sincere. Jason didn’t want Zhao Hai humiliated here. Zhao Hai smiled a little and looked around, then he went closer to Jason before whispering, “No, I can’t go back today. I need to appear here so that everyone can see me.”</p>

  <p>Jason is a smart person, as soon as he heard Zhao Hai, he immediately understood. He turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Tonight?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and then didn’t speak anything more. Jason snorted and said, “Why didn’t you tell me? If I didn’t ask you, then you won’t tell me?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked all around, then he whispered to Jason, “Don’t be angry, the less people know the better. If everyone knew, then I’ll be in trouble. People shouldn’t know that I did it to avoid suspicion. Don’t tell anyone about this, even your family.”</p>

  <p>Jason snorted, then he drank his liquor. Even if he didn’t reply to Zhao Hai, Zhao Hai knew that Jason understood him. Jason is a genuine friend, Zhao Hai wouldn’t doubt him, he knew that he certainly would tell.</p>

  <p>The banquet went smoothly. During the event, there were no other people who went to talk to Zhao Hai aside from Jason. One could say that Zhao Hai was isolated.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai sat down with Jason at the side. Jason looked coldly at the people present and said, “These people present here are all descendants of families that are in good relations with Terry’s family. Right, Terry actually invited my second brother but I replaced him. It seems like the people wouldn’t be friendly tonight.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai just smiled and said, “It’s alright, be relieved. What’s wrong with being unfriendly? Their attitudes cannot affect me, don’t worry.”</p>

  <p>The situation with Laura and the others were very different from Zhao Hai’s. They were surrounded by people and naturally their attention was fully set on Megan, ignoring Laura and the others. Moreover they were talking strangely to Megan, they kept speaking bad things about Zhao Hai while occasionally inserting some good words for Terry.</p>

  <p>Regarding Terry’s method, Laura and the others couldn’t help but sneer. Such a method couldn only be described as weak, there was nothing special about it.</p>

  <p>At this moment, Terry suddenly walked towards the orchestra and rang the cup on his hand. He smiled at everyone and said, “I’m very happy to see everyone today. But it seems like the atmosphere has become quite bland, how about we share a performances for everyone? What do you think?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai almost spat out the liquor in his mouth. Jason looked at him and said, “What happened? Is there something wrong?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai bitterly smiled to Jason and said, “There’s a problem, big problem, I can’t play instruments, dance, and make poems. Haha, Laura and the others already saw this coming. Terry would actually do this method to deal with me.”</p>

  <p>When Jason heard Zhao Hai, he couldn’t help but get anxious. He quickly asked Zhao Hai, “You really can’t write poems? Can’t dance? Can’t play musical instrument? Didn’t the people of your family teach you?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “They taught me, but unfortunately I just cannot learn.”</p>

  <p>Seeing Zhao Hai’s nonchalant expression, Jason couldn’t help but get even more anxious, “Then what are you planning to do? If you cannot give a performance, they you would get disgraced. In the future, nobody would want you in their circle.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It’s alright, rest assured that I’m going to be fine. I have also thought about this point and naturally have a way to get around it. You don’t need to be worried.”</p>

  <p>At this time, several Nobles have already given their performances. They didn’t do anything else other than reciting poems and playing musical instruments.</p>

  <p>When Jason looked at Terry, his heart couldn’t help but beat faster. He knew that Terry would deal with Zhao Hai today. When a man playing an instrument was finished, Jason went forward and said, “I will go next.” Then he went to the band and played a harp.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knew that Jason was stalling for time. The time Jason took while playing was very long. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile, Jason is really caring.</p>

  <p>However, it was impossible for Jason to perform for the entirety of the banquet. Although he had delayed, he still had to stop playing. At this moment, Terry’s gaze rotated towards Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>But Zhao Hai didn’t notice it, he was currently communicating with Cai’er. He decided that their operation needed to start upon seeing Jason playing.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gave them a time limit of one hour. Jason’s performance lasted for 20 minutes, almost 50% of the time has passed by.</p>

  <p>At this time, there have already been groups who had finished their job. Zhao Hai’s estimate was very accurate, the information that Cai’er has collected came in useful. The undead he sent out went in to kill, ensuring that they finish quickly. Even if they have one hour to finish, it was best to finish early.</p>

  <p>What surprised Zhao Hai was the time it took for the fastest team to finish; the group took ten minutes to finish everything. This group was made up of undead assassins, their actions were very swift.</p>

  <p>In ten minutes, they dealt with everything, Cai’er also had the inventory of the shop stored into the Space before the team burned the shop down.</p>

  <p>Just as Zhao Hai took his mind off the operation, Jason’s performance was also on the verge of finishing. The applause given by the crowd completely woke Zhao Hai up.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Jason who was currently walking down the stage. Although Jason’s performance was very successful, he didn’t have a happy expression on his face. He just coldly looked at Terry as he slowly returned to his seat.</p>

  <p>Terry didn’t notice Jason’s look since his eyes were aimed at Zhao Hai. Then he went up the stage and said, “Everybody’s performance today was very fantastic. How about we invite Count Buda to show us something too?”</p>

  <p>The crowd was naturally very supportive of Terry. Zhao Hai had already expected this to happen. He didn’t say anything as he handed his wine glass over to a servant and slowly went up the stage.</p>

  <p>Terry was in the stage looking at Zhao Hai with a ridiculing gaze. Before he started to deal with Zhao Hai, he had investigated him well. He knew that Zhao Hai wasn’t weak. He was a Dark Mage and although Terry didn’t know how he attained his strength, he can just think of it as Zhao Hai having a fortuitous encounter. However, when it came to performances, Terry was well confident that Zhao Hai was going to be very terrible in it.</p>

  <p>Terry already checked and knew that Adam was a playboy, although Zhao Hai had been quite exceptional recently, he had neither learning nor skill when he was a child. Magic can be improved by potions, but talent in performing? Terry doesn’t think so. He had not heard about a potion that improves one’s talent in dancing, poem, and instruments.</p>

  <p>Because he had thought of this point, Terry arranged this day to enact on his plan. He must make Zhao Hai lose face, he wanted Zhao Hai to be forever excluded from the circles of Rosen Empire’s nobles.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stood on the stage and looked at the proud face of Terry. He then smiled and said, “I suddenly find myself to be quite ashamed right now, it seems like this banquet is specifically held for me. For someone of my status, it was impossible for me to get such a treatment. Since Mister Terry has invited me over to perform, then it would be impolite for me to decline. The previous performances were very good, It made me deeply admire the younger generation of the Rosen Empire. Since everyone wants to see me perform, then I can only apologize in advance if I make any mistakes. But me performing along wouldn’t be very special, I want to ask my fiancees over to accompany me. I wonder If everybody can agree to it?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai being self deprecating made everyone present feel that there wasn’t anything wrong. Knowing that Laura and the others, very beautiful women, were going to perform, the people present naturally gave a loud applause. Terry, on the other hand, had a very ugly expression.</p>

  <p>When he heard Zhao Hai, he immediately knew that Zhao Hai had already prepared for this moment. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have asked Laura and the others to accompany him on stage. This made Terry very disappointed. However, he still wanted to see Zhao Hai perform. He didn’t believe that someone who had no artistic talent could give a very good performance.</p>
</body>
</html>