<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1209: Weapon Shattering</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai secluded himself inside his room for three days. Xiong Li and the others also didn’t disturb him. Conversely, they were defending the door to Zhao Hai’s room, they wouldn’t permit anyone to disturb Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Naturally, their actions attracted Ma Rulong’s attention. Ma Rulong was the leader of their delegation and was very concerned about every participant. Moreover, Zhao Hai was a person he has been keeping tabs on.</p>

  <p>So after seeing Zhao Hai secluding himself in his room for three days without going out, Ma Rulong couldn’t help but worry. He went to Zhao Hai’s room and then saw Xiong Li and the others sitting outside. They were whispering to each other and failed to notice him.</p>

  <p>Ma Rulong stepped towards the group. Once Xiong Li and the others noticed Ma Rulong, they hastily stood up and bowed as they greeted, “We’ve seen Senior Ma.”</p>

  <p>Ma Rulong nodded, then he looked at Zhao Hai’s room and said, “What’s wrong with Zhao Hai? Why hasn’t he come out? Is there a problem?”</p>

  <p>Xiong Li shook his head and said, “Senior Ma doesn’t need to worry. Little Hai is fine. There’s just something he needed to do so he secluded himself. I believe he will come out in a day or two, there’s no problem.”</p>

  <p>Ma Rulong looked at Xiong Li and said, “Is he really alright? You can tell me if something happens.”</p>

  <p>Xiong Li nodded and said, “Senior Ma can rest assured. If something happens, we will certainly inform you. There’s no need to worry.”</p>

  <p>Ma Rulong nodded, then he looked at Xiong Li and the others and said, “Alright. Try to stay in this place in the next few days. There are people who went out and got forced to accept a challenge issued by the Cultivators. They have a lot of methods to make you accept. Some even came back injured. So if you do go out, be extra careful, especially Zhao Hai. There are a lot of Cultivators who see him as a threat.”</p>

  <p>Xiong Li and the others nodded, “We will. Senior Ma can rest assured. We’ll pay attention.” Ma Rulong nodded, then he left.</p>

  <p>Just as Ma Rulong left, Xiong Li turned to the others and said, “It seems like those Cultivators really aren’t leaving us alone. Right, do you think we can go out when Little Hai is done?”</p>

  <p>“Go out? Of course we’ll go!” Just as Xiong Li said his words, Zhao Hai’s voice was suddenly heard. Xiong Li and the others turned around and saw Zhao Hai smiling as he walked out of his room.</p>

  <p>Seeing that Zhao Hai was out, Xiong Li and the others immediately surrounded him. All of them were looking at Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Come in.” Then he went back inside his room with Xiong Li and the others following behind.</p>

  <p>Upon entering the room, Zhao Hai closed the door before he waved his hand taking out a two-handed axe. The axe didn’t look any different than the one Li Kuangren used. It was completely identical to his previous weapon.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai handed the axe to Li Kuangren and then said, “Third Brother, try it. I managed to refine the axe. Although I didn’t add any materials to it, I managed to modify the formations inside.”</p>

  <p>Li Kuangren nodded and took his axe. He tossed his axe in his hands before he nodded and said, “Good, it’s as heavy as before.” Then he began to input battle qi.</p>

  <p>Just as battle qi entered the axe, it immediately shone. Li Kuangred stared before quickly withdrawing his qi, the radiance also vanished as he did that.</p>

  <p>Li Kuangren began to funnel in battle qi once more and saw the axe light up. Li Kuangren’s eyes shone as he said, “Nice, this is very good. Fantastic. The amount of battle qi I need is less than before, and it seems like the effect is the same. Little Hai, am I right?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he smiled and said, “Correct. What you feel is right. Your axe now needs only 70% of what you use before in order to achieve the same effect. So what do you think?”</p>

  <p>Li Kuangren laughed and said, “Fantastic, fantastic! This will be very good for me. Thank you Little Hai.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Not only that, I also added a magical effect to your axe. Once it clashes with an opponent’s weapon, it would vibrate and shatter the enemy’s weapon.”</p>

  <p>Li Kuangren stared, everyone’s expressions changed as well. Then at the same time they asked, “Shatter&#160; the enemy’s weapon?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded as he smiled and said, “Right, it can shatter the enemy’s weapon. This feature used to only be found in mech weapons. This is due to the large amount of energy required to do it. Since mechs have energy batteries, this allowed them to have this feature. Battle qi is also a type of energy, so why can’t Warriors use this ability? Therefore, I researched magic formations and ended up with the one I put inside Third Brother’s weapon. Third Brother, try it.” Li Kuangren nodded, then he looked around the room, probably finding something to test this ability on.</p>

  <p>Seeing Li Kuangren, Xiong Li said, “Third Brother, the things in this room can easily be cut off even if you don’t use battle qi. How about you try this.” After he said that, Xiong Li took out a weapon from his storage equipment.</p>

  <p>In his hand was a heavy sword. It can be seen that it has been excellently worked on. Xiong Li smiled and said, “This is from a level 4 Warrior I killed before. To be honest, this weapon isn’t any worse than my hammers. Try attacking this one.”</p>

  <p>Xiong Li gripped the sword hilt and then lifted it up. Li Kuangren nodded before funneling battle qi into his axe and then attacking the sword.</p>

  <p>Xiong Li quickly detected his weapon shaking. He immediately poured in battle qi when the crash happened.</p>

  <p>A bang was heard before the axe cut through the sword as though it was a piece of paper. A clang was then heard as the top half of the blade fell to the ground.</p>

  <p>Everyone in the room looked at the sword in Xiong Li’s hand. Whatever Xiong Li was holding now could no longer be described as a sword. The only remaining part was ten centimeters of blade besides the hilt. As for the other half that hit the ground, it was less than ten centimeters long. Only this much remained, the other materials of the sword was vaporized.</p>

  <p>Not wrong, vaporized. It wasn’t broken to pieces or smashed to bits. It was vaporized, turned into very fine metallic powder.</p>

  <p>Upon seeing this result, Xiong Li and the others couldn’t help but breath in cold air. Li Kuangren stared at his axe, it seems like he saw a monster.</p>

  <p>Hiss! The sucking of air was audibly heard as Xiong Li and the others finally recovered. Xiong Li held the sword up and looked at the fractured part. The portion of the blade looked like it has been dissolved, leaving a very neat cut into the sword. If he hadn’t tried this sword before, then he would have thought that he had taken out the wrong weapon.</p>

  <p>“Hahaha”, Li Kuangren was beyond happy with his axe. His laughter lasted for some time, causing Xiong Li and Dongfang Yu to be envious.</p>

  <p>After some time, Li Kuangren finally calmed down before storing his axe. Meanwhile Xiong Li and Dongfang Yu turned their heads towards Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai saw their expressions, he smiled faintly and said ,”I can also transform Boss Xiong’s Weapon. As for Second Brother Dongfang, I don’t think the fire dragon sword needs to be modified right now. Let’s wait until the secret of the sword becomes clear.”</p>

  <p>Xiong Li nodded and said, “Alright, give it the weapon shattering ability as well. It’s very good.”</p>

  <p>Dongfang Yu was somewhat depressed. However, after thinking that even Zhao Hai couldn’t read the fire dragon sword, he couldn’t help but feel hope.</p>

  <p>It must be said that Sun Fei was the most depressed. He was a Mage so he couldn’t use any Warrior weapon. Zhao Hai looked at Sun Fei’s expression as he smiled and said, “Alright, Little Fei, there’s no need to be sad. I’ll organize a few formation sets for you in a couple of days. I believe they will be helpful to you.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Sun Fei repeatedly nodded and said, “Alright, then it’s settled. Brother Hai, you need to hurry up.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai laughed and said, “I know. Right, how about we go out to play now?”</p>

  <p>As soon as they heard Zhao Hai, Xiong Li and the others paused. Xiong Li frowned and said, “Little Hai, do you really want to head out? You should know that there are a lot of Cultivators waiting for us outside. They’re especially attentive towards you. If you leave now, they will certainly bring you trouble.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Of course I know. However, we need to teach those fellows a lesson. Do they really think that the Machine Field is full of herbivores? Rest assured, if they dared to look for trouble, I’ll happily accommodate them.” Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Xiong Li and the others knew that persuading him otherwise was useless. Therefore, they just agreed to it before heading out of the courtyard.</p>

  <p>As soon as they were out, Zhao Hai quickly felt someone following behind him. However, he wasn’t worried. He knew that the person behind him has been arranged by Ma Rulong. Therefore, he just ignored it and the group of brothers continued to walk down the street.</p>

  <p>Ever since they came to Seamount City, they haven’t had the proper opportunity to explore the place. But even if they hadn’t come out, Zhao Hai was already familiar with the city’s streets.</p>

  <p>The moment Zhao Hai and the others entered Seamount City, Laura and the others had already begun mapping the entire place. At this time, the entire city has already been mapped by the Space. In the last three days, besides practicing, Zhao Hai also took the time to familiarize himself with the city. Because of this, he knew every street in the city.</p>

  <p>Xiong Li and the others were completely clueless about the place, so they just followed Zhao Hai as they proceeded to window-shop. Zhao Hai wasn’t just randomly wandering around, his main target was Seamount City’s market.</p>

  <p>Seamount City’s market area was actually their business district. In this business district, not only were there shop fronts, there were also people who put up stalls. These people were Cultivators, but they were mostly rogue individuals. As for the shop fronts, they were mostly under the control of major powers.</p>

  <p>It’s a custom in the Cultivation World that only Cultivators could enter a major city. No person who hasn’t cultivated was allowed to enter a major city.</p>

  <p>Not everyone in the Cultivation Realm cultivated. At the current moment, people who haven’t cultivated still account for the majority of the population. However, the lives of practitioners weren’t as good as those back in the Machine Field.</p>

  <p>The Machine Field’s science and technology was very advanced. The average person in the Machine Field had a home to stay in and entertainment to kill time with. As long as they were willing to work, then even if they didn’t practice, they would still live quite well.</p>

  <p>Things were different in the Cultivation Realm. Almost all of the non-practitioners in the Machine Field were controlled by a major sect. These people couldn’t farm whatever they wanted. If a family has ten mu of land, then they would have to use 5 mu for plants that the sect needs and the other five for food. Naturally, the sect wouldn’t rob them of their harvests. There would be monetary rewards, moreover these rewards were often big.</p>

  <p>However, if they didn’t look after their land, then they would be punished by the sect. Moreover, this punishment was heavy. Besides this, all non-practitioners would pray to the Sect, providing the Sect with faith power. If a sect discovers that a non-practitioner hasn’t been praying enough, the non-practitioner would be punished. Unlike non-practitioners in the Machine Field, non-practitioners in the Cultivators were like pigs in a pen. The had lives only a tad bit better than slaves.</p>

  <p>Non-practitioners in the Machine Field only think of cultivation as a way of life. If one can practice then they would be congratulated. Not only the person, but their family would also benefit. Their living environment would be greatly improved and many others. But in the Cultivation Realm, not everyone can practice. In order to become a Cultivator, one needed to have a spiritual root.</p>

  <p>Spiritual roots were like Mage talents or innate skills for Warriors. If you don’t have talent for magic, then you won’t be able to become a Mage. If you don’t have any innate skills, then you couldn’t learn strong martial techniques and reach a high level. Spirit roots were the same. If one didn’t have a spiritual root, then they wouldn’t be able to cultivate.</p>

  <p>However, not everyone who can practice could enter sects. Take a small sect like the Seamount Faction, for example, their selection for disciples was very strict. If their talent for cultivation wasn’t good, and they didn’t have much potential, then it would be impossible for them to enter the sect. There were low-level cultivation methods that were circulated for free. But it can be said that these methods weren’t enough. People who practice these methods were called Rogue Cultivators.</p>

  <p>Rogue Cultivators who managed to enter a sect were limited to a few lucky fellows. If a Rogue Cultivator wanted to join a sect, then they needed to successfully arrive at Qi Condensation stage. And by then, only small sects would accept them. But in order to cultivate, one would need pills and better cultivation methods. These things can only be bought in the city. And in order to buy these things, they would need crystal stones. To gain crystal stones, Rogue Cultivators would hunt and kill beasts, collect medicinal plants, mine for precious rocks, and so on. They would then go to markets to trade their stuff for crystal stones. In turn, these crystal stones would allow them to buy the cultivation materials they need.</p>
</body>
</html>