<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 802: Prosperous Ark Space</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai has been paying attention to the Divine Race’s camp ever since the Third Prince arrived. Although he couldn’t find out what Thunder Yun and the others talked about, he managed to see Fei’er’s action. However, he couldn’t understand what Fei’er was doing.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was certain that Fei’er was sent to deliver a letter. But Fei’er actually read the letter before going off to a different direction.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai saw Fei’er go to the Winged Pegasus camp first, then to the Barbarians. Only after visiting the two camps did he head towards the Divine Realm. This made Zhao Hai feel that something was fishy.</p>

  <p>Laura and the others also saw Fei’er’s action. When Fei’er finally went to the Divine Realm, Laura looked at Zhao Hai ni confusion as she asked, “Brother Hai, why do I feel that something isn’t right? It seems like there is a problem with the Divine Race’s interior.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Remember when I said that the Winged Pegasus and the Barbarian Clans hate the Divine Race more than us? I thought the Giants were different, and were completely loyal. But it seems like those those conquered by the Divine Race are all unwilling to stay as slaves.”</p>

  <p>Laura stared before her two eyes shined, “Brother Hai, you mean?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and then turned to Lizzy and said, “From now on, make sure to minimize the losses made to the Winged Pegasus and Barbarian troops. As long as they don’t go too far, then we’ll leave them be.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy smiled and said, “I don’t think the Third Prince will allow them to do that. But we still need to prepare. I believe the Prince would stage an attack in a couple of days.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “Go make some plans.” Lizzy nodded before she turned and took Megan upstairs to plan their move.</p>

  <p>Laura looked at the two before she turned to look at Zhao Hai and smiled, “Now that the people of the Ark Continent has entered the Space, I’ve become less busy compared to those two.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled as he extended his arms over Laura and Ruyen’s shoulders before saying, “You had it hard. Make sure to take a proper rest in the following days. Don’t forget, we still need to get those Goblins later.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded while Ruyen stayed silent. For Ruyen, being close to Zhao Hai was already enough.</p>

  <p>At this time, Cai’er flew towards Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, Brother Wales is inviting you over for a drink. Will you go? He has been inviting you over for several times already,”</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai heard this, he couldn’t help but laugh, “Why wouldn’t I go? I’ll go, i’ll go. My Brother is asking for drinks. I wouldn’t not go.” Then he took the women along with him to Wales</p>

  <p>Even Lizzy and Megan who were formulating plans were pulled over.</p>

  <p>Before long, Zhao Hai appeared in the Ark Space’s Prairie. Wales was pacing back and forth in his tent, eagerly waiting for Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>After seeing Zhao Hai arrive, Wales immediately laughed and said, “You guys actually came. Its been a few days, you really made me wait.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai laughed and replied, “Things have been quite busy. Right, Big Brother, wait for some time, I have something good to show you.”</p>

  <p>Wales looked in anticipation, “Something good? What is it?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “When the time comes I’ll let you know.”</p>

  <p>Wales stopped caring about it as he laughed and said, “Alright, just tell me whenever you want. But for now, come have a few cups with me. Someone, quickly go and roast some cows.” Needless to say, when they heard that Zhao Hai arrived, the other Herculean Bulls went over to see him. These people were very familiar with Zhao Hai, so they joked and laughed with each other.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at them before he frowned jokingly, “Why are you all here? Stay away, I need some room to breathe.”</p>

  <p>The Herculean Bulls weren’t afraid of Zhao Hai’s fake anger. Instead, they went forward before one of them chuckled and said, “Prince, you have been working hard. I had my wife make some milk skin just for you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the person and said, “Get lost. When I said milk skin, I meant those made from Argali.” The person didn’t care. He still grinned by Zhao Hai’s side as the two of them laughed and joked with each other. In the end, Zhao Hai gave each person a bottle of milk wine before they scurried away.</p>

  <p>Wales looked at all of these with a huge grin. When the people went away, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “These guys treat you better than me. When they see you come, everyone welcomes you very well. I don’t get treated this way.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “That’s natural. They like me more than they like you.”</p>

  <p>Wales laughed, “I just said that to flatter you, I didn’t think you’d eat it up. Hahaha. Come on, let’s have a drink. I’m afraid that your capacity for alcohol has regressed. You have been fighting the Demons and the Divine Race all this time. There hasn’t been a time for you to drink.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai laughed as well, “And I’m afraid that you won’t be able to return to your tent. Right, Big Brother, why haven’t I seen mister Yale? Where is he?”</p>

  <p>Wales smiled and said, “He’s in close door cultivation. He said he had some epiphany and wanted to make a new beast token. Don’t worry about him. At this point, we have been living great lives. No wars are happening since the grass here is so good. The grass grow so quickly that the argali couldn’t eat them all in time. In addition to the grass, there are caravans going along the grassland every day, selling inexpensive human goods. Along with that, we also enjoy Dwarf and Elven items.’[1]</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It’s good that you’re happy, that means I didn’t make a wrong choice. Brother, later on, I will open a shop here. If you have anything excess to sell, then you can just take it to the shop. At the same time, if you want to buy anything, you can also go there. I can guarantee the supplies offered in the shop.”</p>

  <p>Wales’ eyes shone, “That’s good. Although there are a lot of caravans in the Prairie, it’s still quite difficult to look for certain things.”</p>

  <p>At this time, some people got up and offered the two of them some milk wine. Naturally, this wasn’t the one purified by Zhao Hai, instead, it was one made by the Beastmen themselves. This was only done to offer respects, the other cups were drank with purified milk wine.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai drank the milk wine and let out a long breath before saying, “When you entered the Space, I can finally feel relief. These days, the Demons and the Divine Race have increased their forces. The Divine Race had their Third Prince come personally. But more worrying are the Demons, their Great Demon King actually came. I’m afraid we won’t be able to hold of for too long.”</p>

  <p>Wales placed his glass down as he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother, you’ve been working hard.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Not really that hard. I just find the Divine Race disgusting so I want to give them a good beating.”</p>

  <p>Wales slightly smiled and didn’t say anything. Wales knew that when they entered the Space, Zhao Hai would no longer have any extra worries. However, this also meant that Zhao Hai was now alone in facing the Demons and the Divine Race.</p>

  <p>In the past, the groups in the continent were very eager to send troops because their lives were threatened. If they don’t help in the war, then they would be killed by the Divine Race. But now it was different. Since they were now inside the Space, the threat of the Demons and the Divine Race had virtually vanished. From this point on, it would be difficult to convince the people to fight against the Ark Continent’s invaders.</p>

  <p>What Wales didn’t know was the fact that this aspect only held truth because they hadn’t been inside the Space for too long. With enough time, the people inside would be predisposed to regard Zhao Hai’s needs. Not to say dispatching troops, even if Zhao Hai wanted them to die, then they wouldn’t hesitate to do so.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t want to explain this ability. After all, this came with the Space. Even if he wanted to change it, he couldn’t. Besides, Zhao Hai preferred this development, this meant that there would be no traitors inside the Space.</p>

  <p>Before long, the argali and bulls were roasted. Aside from Wales, everyone in the Herculean Bull tribe attended this meeting. Everyone ate and drank with each other.</p>

  <p>After the event, Zhao Hai returned to the Space’s villa to take a rest. Then Zhao Hai went to the living room and opened the monitor. But this time, he wasn’t watching the Demons and the Divine Race, instead, he was looking at the events happening in the Ark Space</p>

  <p>The people in the Ark Space has had it well. After the Great Clans re-established their authority, everything fell in place very quickly.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was very happy about this situation. This was the reason why he decided to make the Ark Space identical to the Ark Continent. If he didn’t make them similar, then the people of the Ark Continent would need to adjust to their new environment, giving Zhao Hai unnecessary worries.</p>

  <p>The Empires of the Ark Space were now up and running, even resuming trade with each other. Moreover, the situation was even much better compared to before since the Fishmen, Beastmen, Dwarves, and Elves were now mingling with the Humans and each other. Discrimination was also slowly diminishing, removing the barriers erected by the Radiant Church in the past.</p>

  <p>Recently, the people of the continent had experienced a lot of things, especially when they were under pressure from the Demons and the Divine Race. This caused the Humans and the other races to unite with each other. Also, when people emigrated to the Space’s Ark Continent, Zhao Hai explicitly forbade the discrimination towards the other races. Because of this, the Humans started to accept the other races more and more.</p>

  <p>After seeing that things have been normal in the Space, Zhao Hai felt relieved. Then he changed the monitor’s image to the Divine Race’s camp. Zhao Hai was quite curious about what changes the Third Prince would impose on the army.</p>

  <p>And just as Zhao Hai shifted the monitor, he saw Thunder Yun approaching the imperial palace of the Radiant Empire. Zhao Hai knew that ever since arriving to the continent, the Third Prince had taken up residence inside the Empire’s Royal Palace.</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">* * *</p>

  <p>It might be beast tablet, forgot which is which. I’ll change it when I go review the past chapters.</p>
</body>
</html>