<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 952: Feeling!</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai could also see the expression of Bingya’s group. However, Zhao Hai didn’t say anything. He just gave Bingya and the others a nod before he sat down on the deck.</p>

  <p>Before long, Meg brought out various types of dishes and set them out on the table. Zhao Hai took some liquor as the women took a seat. Then Zhao Hai raised his glass towards Bingya and said, “Bingya, you couldn’t be blamed for what just happened. This type of thing is not strange for me. In any case, I will not let the Divine Supreme Elders go. You can rest assured.”</p>

  <p>Bingya couldn’t say anything, he could only bitterly smile. Even if Zhao Hai didn’t mention it, he already gave great face towards the foreign races. If it was anybody else who was treated like Zhao Hai, then they would have already been angered.</p>

  <p>After Zhao Hai drank from his glass, he said, “We’re not just waiting for the foreign races to come for us. We’re also here to prevent the nine Supreme Elders from leaving. This is the only way to get to the Leo Continent. As long as we wait here, then we would surely meet the nine Supreme Elders. Even if they give up on assaulting the foreign races, we can still stop them here.”</p>

  <p>Bingya nodded, then he held a wine glass up for Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, I apologize. I’m also unaware of this matter. I ask mister to forgive me.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It’s alright. This isn’t your idea. People your age cannot come up with these kinds of plans. Come and eat, how has your cultivation been these days?” Upon hearing Zhao Hai mention this, the three couldn’t help but be shaken. It can be said that they were very happy these recent days. With their constant cultivation, they already reached peak God-rank, half step towards the boundary. Just in their clan, only a a few people had reached this level.</p>

  <p>They had received a lot of benefits because of Zhao Hai. At the very least, their speed of practice was much better compared to when they were back in their clans.</p>

  <p>The three also knew that they couldn’t practice as peacefully in their clans as in the Hell King’s ship. There were a lot of matters in their families, tasks for people like them to do. Every time they take care of something, they would delay their cultivation. But if they don’t do those tasks, then they would be punished. This wasn’t the case with Zhao Hai. They had almost nothing to do here. As long as they kept contact with their family and be polite to Zhao Hai, everything was alright. Because of this, they had a lot of time to practice, which was very good for them.</p>

  <p>After eating, Bingya and the others returned to their room. They wanted to communicate with their clan and ask about what just happened.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t care about them. After eating, he went back to his room as he sat drinking tea and looking at the screen. The screen wasn’t showing the situation with the foreign races, instead it showed the O’Neal family’s base.</p>

  <p>The base construction of the O’Neal family was very quick. Although they didn’t use magic, their specially designed magic armors made things very convenient.</p>

  <p>The base was enormous and the area around it has been levelled. Except for the advance base that was built at the center, the area around it also had beginning stages of construction. These were prepared for the future.</p>

  <p>The O’Neal family’s commodities were also beginning to be transported to the Taurus Continent. It’s good since the spatial rift was located in the Radiant Empire. Surrounding the rift on three sides was water. Allowing the O’Neal family to move easily.</p>

  <p>The O’Neal family’s Patriarch didn’t immediately leave. Instead, he remained in the Rosen Empire. He wanted to wait for the opportune time before moving. After all, moving the family’s base was a strategically crucial decision.</p>

  <p>Laura was sitting besides Zhao Hai. After taking a sip of her tea, she turned her head to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, why are we waiting? Shouldn’t we make a move?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “We don’t need to do anything right now. Let’s just wait here and rest for a few days. To be honest, besides this place, nothing else in the Divine Realm interests me.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded. The other places in the Divine Realm were already insignificant to them. What’s left for them to do was to acquire the 11 combat suits as well as Elder Star’s Star Disk. As soon as they get these things, the Divine Realm was no longer worth paying attention to.</p>

  <p>Lizzy was also looking at the O’Neal family. After some time, she turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Big Brother Hai, do you think the O’Neal family has an Ascension Magic Armor?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “Currently, I don’t know. But now, the magic armors that they have are only up to God-rank. These magic armors are now useless to us. These magic armors are almost the same. Moreover, their materials aren’t that special. Acquiring higher ranked magic armors would be much harder.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded and said, “We already have a lot of formations inside the Space. However, we still don’t have the means to digest them. We can use these formations on other things, but not on magic armors.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “After dealing with the nine Supreme Elders, our next target would be the Atlanta Plane’s Ascension Magic Armor.”</p>

  <p>Laura replied, “Right, I also think that we should go to the Atlanta Plane first. If the magic armor is really useful to us, then that would be the best.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “The reason I don’t want to go to the Underworld was because I can feel a sense of strangeness there. It’s possible that there are even more powerful beings than the Skeleton King. Because of this, I plan to head to the Atlanta Plane first.”</p>

  <p>Megan seemed puzzled as she asked, “Elder Brother Hai, you mean that the Skeleton King isn’t a top existence in the Underworld? But didn’t you say that the Skeleton King could compare to the Supreme Elders? If the Underworld had stronger beings, then why would they still be in a lower realm?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “This I don’t know. I just feel like that Underworld isn’t simple. Because of this, we need to be completely prepared for our safety. I have a feeling that entering the Underworld would be much worse than entering the Cultivation Realm. It might even be more dangerous.”</p>

  <p>When Megan and the other heard this, their expression couldn’t help but change. Although Zhao Hai said that it was just a feeling, those who were with him for a long time knew that Zhao Hai’s instinct was sometimes very accurate.</p>

  <p>Laura nodded and said, “Alright. After we take care of the matters here, then we’ll head to the Atlanta Plane to take a look. Brother Hai, when do we start leading the O’Neal family to the Winged Pegasus Plane? I’m starting to get annoyed at the Winged Pegasus.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Forget it, just leave them for now, there’s no need to be annoyed. Just take a rest. We might have a tough battle in the following days.”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and said, “If it’s tough even for you, then there’s no need for us to join in. You can just solve it alone. You can take a rest Brother Hai, you can leave us here to watch.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Alright, I’ll go take bath first then rest.”</p>

  <p>After saying that, Zhao Hai went to the Hot Spring.</p>

  <p>Completely different from the leisurely Zhao Hai were the foreign races. The three Patriarchs had come together to discuss their situation.</p>

  <p>The Beastman Patriarch looked at the other two and said, “What do you think about this matter? What is the meaning of Zhao Hai’s reaction?”</p>

  <p>The Dwarf Patriarch said, “I already said before that the plan won’t work. Zhao Hai is here to help us, but instead you want to demonstrate your authority. I won’t be able to help you if he goes away due to anger.”</p>

  <p>The Elven Patriarch looked at the Dwarf Patriarch and said, “Alright, there’s no use arguing at this point. We need Zhao Hai to help us deal with the nine Supreme Elders. However, if Zhao Hai doesn’t come, will the nine Supreme Elders still attack us? From what I can see, the biggest enemy of the nine Supreme Elders aren’t us, but Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai is now about to destroy the Divines. If the nine Supreme Elders kept attacking us, then shouldn’t Zhao Hai appear?”</p>

  <p>The Dwarf replied, “Let me ask, what have we done to help Zhao Hai? Why would he help us? Right, we got in contact with the vassal races and let them rebel. However, we all know that the impact of the rebellion is only very small. Zhao Hai doesn’t need our help. He can deal with the Divines on his own. In this case, do you think he had feelings towards us?”</p>

  <p>The Beastmen Patriarch coldly snorted and said, “Alright, we wanted to demonstrate our power but instead lowering our position. Now that this had happened, we should think about how we can make Zhao Hai come back and help us. I think this is a good opportunity for Zhao Hai, he shouldn’t let this go. Zhao Hai understands that the nine Supreme Elders are his biggest enemies. He needs to concede a lot of things in order to face them. Because of this, despite knowing about our plan, he still came to support us. As long as we can please Zhao Hai, he will certainly come back.”</p>

  <p>The Elven Patriarch actually knit her brows and said, “How about we ask Yehta and the others about Zhao Hai’s reaction? Let’s see if we still have an opportunity to bring Zhao Hai back. What do you think?”</p>

  <p>The Beastman Patriarch nodded and said, “We should ask them. They followed behind Zhao Hai for a long time. Zhao Hai shouldn’t place them in an awkward situation.” The other two nodded. At this time, the Beastman Patriarch’s messenger fish suddenly sounded.</p>
</body>
</html>