<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1121: Test, A Group of Ten!</h3>

  <p>On the Bone Symbol Camp’s mountainous region was a training ground. It was the most elaborate training ground of the eight. People were currently present in this place. There was a competition between members of the Bone Symbol Camp.</p>

  <p>One side was Zhao Hai while the other side were people elected by Desbarres. These were the representatives of the latest generation, totalling ten. The context of the test was very simple. As long as Zhao Hai can win against these ten people, then he would be allowed to participate in the Six Realm Beginner Competition!</p>

  <p>After Zhao Hai revealed his hundred-layer formation, Desbarres finally relented. He agreed to Zhao Hai joining the beginner competition, but on the condition that Zhao Hai pass a test.</p>

  <p>The mountainous training ground was chosen out of all the training grounds because Desbarres knew that the battles of the Six Realm Beginner Competition weren’t only in arenas. Participants would also fight under various environments.</p>

  <p>The Bone Symbol Camp spent a high price constructing this training ground. The entire place took more than 2000 mu. There were nearly a hundred thousand cameras installed inside the area. There were also 100 aerial cameras circling the place. These cameras could monitor the training ground for five straight days, completely recording the entire event.</p>

  <p>At this time, Desbarres and Tao Wang were sitting inside the training ground’s spectator’s room. In front of them was a large screen showing Zhao Hai and his ten opponents. The former entering a different entrance than the latter.</p>

  <p>It wasn’t just Desbarres and Tao Wang who were inside the spectator room. Elders of the Bone Symbol Camp were also present. When these people learned from Tao Wang that the unseen Zhao Hai was currently being tested, they couldn’t stop their curiosity from surfacing, so they joined in to spectate.</p>

  <p>The ten people elected by Desbarres had already surpassed the five-year mark of ascending. Moreover, their strengths were pretty good. There were six Warriors and four Mages. Three of the Warriors were level 4 while the other three were level 3. As for the Mages, two were level 4 while the other two were level 3.</p>

  <p>With Desbarres’s signal, Zhao Hai and the other ten people entered the mountainous grounds. The grounds were densely forested and had varied terrain. There were stones, trees, water, pits, and holes inside. The terrain was very complex. Only those with enough fighting experience could find the enemy and make a surprise attack.&#160;</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai entered the grounds, everyone’s eyes were immediately aimed at him. They wanted to see how Zhao Hai planned to proceed. Zhao Hai looked around and then waved his hand, releasing about a hundred Undead. The undead went on to scatter themselves out into the surrounding area. Meanwhile, Zhao Hai looked for a cave where he sat down and closed his eyes.</p>

  <p>Upon seeing Zhao Hai’s action, Desbarres and the others were stunned. But in the end, they nodded. They understood what Zhao Hai wanted to do. He hadn’t been to this training ground before, so he was quite unfamiliar with its terrain. In this situation, it was better to have the Undead scout while he looked for a place to wait in. He would only attack once he found the enemy. This was the most correct approach for him.</p>

  <p>Desbarres spared a lot of thoughts in constructing this training ground. There were large numbers of spirit-suppressing stones installed all around the training ground. This way, people wouldn’t be able to use their spiritual force to scout the area. Otherwise, Mages could just sweep the entire area with their spiritual force. If this happens, then what’s the point of the varied terrain?</p>

  <p>Spirit-suppressing stones were relatively common in the World of Cultivation. This stone doesn’t have any other effect other than suppressing a person’s spiritual force. Also, the more stones there were, the more powerful the suppression would be. If your original spiritual force could be released up to 10 thousand meters and there are 100 cubic meters of spirit-suppressing stones, then your spiritual force would be limited to 100 meters.</p>

  <p>Although spirit-suppressing stones weren’t rare in the World of Cultivation, this didn’t mean that they were cheap. In this mountainous training ground, Desbarres installed 2000 cubic meters of stone. One could see that its construction was definitely a huge deal.</p>

  <p>Even if the people in the spectator room thought that Zhao Hai’s method was very good, there were actually only a few who could really do it.</p>

  <p>If one wanted their Undead to scout like Zhao Hai, they needed to accomplish a few points. First, if one was a Dark Mage, then they would need to know summoning magic. Second, they need high-level Undead. If they only had low-level undead, then they wouldn’t be able to gain any information at all, completely removing the possibility of reconnaissance.</p>

  <p>The third point was that they should have formidable spiritual force. It was well known that summoners couldn’t be too far from their summoned creatures. If a summoned creature goes beyond the summoner’s range, then their control would go weaker up to the point where the summoner could no longer control the creature.</p>

  <p>Out of everyone present, only a handful of them could achieve this. And to those who were able to do it, they were able to gauge of Zhao Hai’s strength.</p>

  <p>Before long, Zhao Hai’s undead discovered an enemy, it was a Mage. Zhao Hai began to move. He walked out of the cave and went towards the Mage. The Undead that discovered the Mage was already unsummoned by Zhao Hai. Because of this, the Mage had yet to know that he has been discovered.</p>

  <p>Just like everyone else, the Mage was using spiritual force in order to explore the surroundings. He carefully moved forward while also having a protective shield around him. Although this might possibly cause him to be discovered, the shield would protect him from any surprise attack.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai slowly trekked through the dense forest. From the Undead, he knew about the terrain in front of him. Therefore, he wasn’t worried about falling into pits.</p>

  <p>Before long, Zhao Hai felt the Mage’s presence. He didn’t only feel the Mage’s spiritual force, he could also feel the energy coming off of the shield.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai began to tread carefully. Not only did he withdraw his spiritual force, he also hid his form using the shadow of the trees.&#160;</p>

  <p>The people in the spectator room looked breathlessly at Zhao Hai’s actions. They found that Zhao Hai was like an assassin as he proceeded carefully. The Mage didn’t discover Zhao Hai at all. The distance between the two was getting smaller and smaller.</p>

  <p>When the distance between the two became a hundred meters, Zhao Hai suddenly sped up. He appeared behind the Mage and then a 50-layer formation set appeared in his hand. Then Zhao Hai said, “Sharp Metal, Spear!” As his voice fell, a huge metal spear flew out of the magic formation, stabbing through the Mage’s shield. And like a bubble, the shield broke.</p>

  <p>Just as the Mage was about to counterattack, Zhao Hai already got another 50-layer formation ready. When the formation appeared, Zhao Hai said, “Breeze lock!” Along with Zhao Hai words, a wind element chain appeared around the Mage and then entangled him. When the Mage was captured, the Mage was already out of the test. This was because Zhao Hai could kill him in that state.</p>

  <p>The Mage understood this point and his expression couldn’t help but drop. Then he nodded towards Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai waved his hand and the wind chains vanished. The Mage bowed towards Zhao Hai before leaving the battlefield.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai moved once more and disappeared into the forest. If the people from the spectator room didn’t look through the cameras, then they wouldn’t have known where he was.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s fight with the Mage was very short. Zhao Hai only sent two magic formations to defeat the other party. However, as long as magic was used, a disturbance would appear. The others already noticed the magical waves coming from the battle.</p>

  <p>At this time, Zhao Hai was flying towards a Warrior. This Warrior was level 4. Although his strength was among the top, he was still quite careful. He had his weapon ready and he moved slowly.</p>

  <p>Then suddenly, the Warrior felt magical ripples in front of him. He wasn’t familiar with this ripple, so he readied his sword so that he could immediately send his sword qi.</p>

  <p>After carefully advancing for two minutes, the Warrior suddenly felt some movement not far away from him. He hid behind a tree and looked ahead. What he saw stunned him. This was because not too far from him was an Undead holding a mage staff. When he saw this, he was startled, he knew that this was a trap!</p>

  <p>But even if the Warrior found out about this, it was already too late. He suddenly heard a voice saying, “Green vine, entangle!” Upon hearing this voice, the Warrior found that the tree he was hiding behind suddenly sprouted vines. It didn’t take long before the vines wrapped around the Warrior.&#160;</p>

  <p>However, the vines didn’t wrap him for a long time and loosened slowly after. When the Warrior saw Zhao Hai, he didn’t say anything and just nodded before leaving the area.</p>

  <p>The man sighed as he took his sword and left the training grounds.</p>

  <p>At this moment, the other people arrived at the place of Zhao Hai’s first battle. Naturally, there was nobody there. Although traces of magic were still present, nobody could make any use of it.</p>

  <p>The eight people looked at each other. Then they felt the magic that Zhao Hai released when fighting the Warrior. But just as they were about to go over, they suddenly found out that they had been surrounded!</p>
</body>
</html>