<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 835: Free State</h3>

  <p>Laura stared, her eyes widened as she said, “So that’s how those magic armors were operated. Interesting, interesting.”</p>

  <p>On the other hand, Zhao Hai’s pupils narrowed. He saw a lot of things from Axe’s setup. Although Axe’s way of controlling the mech was very bizarre, but you have to say that it was actually very convenient. Mechas aren’t usually controlled this way, that’s why ordinary people were unable to pilot them. It seems like the people of the Atlanta Plane had truly developed their magic armors to the extreme.</p>

  <p>The image showed Axe controlling his mech to fly at a very fast speed. Since there was nothing else that happened, Zhao Hai decided to change the image to the Thunder Clan.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai had only spoken with Fei’er for a moment before he was interrupted with Axe’s arrival. At this point, Zhao Hai doesn’t know what Fei’er was doing.</p>

  <p>After the image changed, Zhao Hai saw Fei’er hurrying along. And since nothing happened, Zhao Hai shifted the image once more towards the Goblins.</p>

  <p>Once the image changed to the Goblins’ background, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare. At this time, the background had changed. Below the massive bread trees were small houses. Although small, they were beautifully constructed. Zhao Hai carefully inspected the houses and saw that they were made out of straw and mud. The decorations on the houses were made out of bread fruit shells.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai turned to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, what things have these Goblins traded? I want to see.”</p>

  <p>Cai’er complied as she pulled out a detailed list. There were some ordinary tools and nothing special. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but nod, it seems like these Goblins were quite smart. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have been able to make these houses with these simple tools.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Good. Right, Cai’er, how were the Goblins doing lately? Did they only build houses?”</p>

  <p>Cai’er smiled and said, “No. Young Master, you don’t know but there are still some Goblins who were educated. At this time, those with knowledge were educating those who didn’t know anything. Inside the houses they built were magic formations. Those formations were quite clever, they actually made the houses quite comfortable.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai changed the image and looked at the rooms of the Goblins. There really were magic formations inside, moreover, they looked very well-made.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he smiled and said, “It looks like my idea is correct. These Goblins aren’t the same as those in the Atlanta Plane. Their inheritance has been destroyed by the Divine Race. If they kept developing, they might have become as strong as Axe right now.”</p>

  <p>Laura stared, then her two eyes shone as she said, “Brother Hai, you mean those Goblins can make those magic armors that Axe and the others used?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Yes. Initially, I want to have those Goblins research this technology. Now that Axe has appeared, it gave me the opportunity to see how advanced the magic formations are. It seems like it needed to be studied for many years. The Goblins are talented in this aspect. Let’s just have them study magic formations and maybe they can make something great.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded, “That would be good. Now that the Goblins have been freed, their knowledge can now flourish once more. Making complex magic formations shouldn’t take too long.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “With how the Goblins have been treated, it was now close to impossible for them to pass their inheritance down. Their magic formations look quite good, but it can be seen that their entire knowledge is still broken. If an average race had reached their point, then I’m afraid they won’t recover. The Goblins being able to maintain their current state is amazing enough.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy and the others agreed. The Goblins’ resilience was really something worthy of admiration. For them to still pass some of their knowledge down despite being suppressed by the Divine Race was a very great matter.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I initially thought that they had zero knowledge of their civilization, so I refrained from showing them magic formations from the Ark Continent. It seems like my plan needs to be pushed forward. Let’s have some undead mages teach the Goblins some words and knowledge regarding magic formations. Right, Laura, how is father-in-law doing nowadays?”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and said, “Father is still researching the defensive magic formations. I reckon he’ll complete it soon. Why? Do you need him for something?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare. He had asked Karen to research defensive formations before mainly to defend against the Demons and the Divine Race. But now that the Ark Continent has moved to the Space, these things were now not needed. In the end, Zhao Hai had forgotten about this task. Zhao Hai didn’t expect Karen to still continue with this research, moreover, they were even close to succeeding.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai sighed and said, “This is my fault. I actually forgot about this. Tell father-in-law to take a rest. He’s been exhausted these days. Now that our strength is enough, there’s no need to use that formation.”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and said, “I already told father about this. But father said that he would still do it. He said that he’s very interested in these things. Let’s just let him be. In any case, we have people looking after him and he’s still taking a rest from time to time.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned to Laura, “Laura, once father-in-law is done with this research, tell him to stop studying for some time. I want him to compile his knowledge so that we can make a book out of it. We can use those books to teach the Goblins as well as the people in the Ark Space. We’ll have everyone start researching themselves, what do you think?”</p>

  <p>Laura’s eyes showed his agreement, she said, “Good, that would be great. Father always wanted to do that but the people of the Ark Continent doesn’t take magic formations too seriously. They always see magic formations as secondary needs. Even if father printed his book, I’m afraid people wouldn’t even take a look at it. Now that there’s a purpose, I think he will be happy to share his knowledge.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then turned his head to Cai’er, “Cai’er, scan the formations on the magic armor that Axe used. I want to compile them and have father-in-law look at it in the future. Laura, you also need to take care of father-in-law. He’s not young anymore, he needs to refrain from being exhausted.”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and said, “Rest assured, father has been well taken care of. Although he likes his research, he hasn’t been going all out recently. Moreover, this is what he likes to do, if he is forbidden to work, then it would be like torture for him. Also, he’s now a 9th rank expert, so his lifespan should already be long. Just have him do his thing, there won’t be any problems.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and didn’t say anything else. Karen’s current body has been really good. In addition to the environment, the food and water in the Space adds up to the benefits that he gets. Currently, Karen looks younger and more energetic compared to before. Zhao Hai couldn’t even describe him as an old man anymore.</p>

  <p>After arranging this matter, Zhao Hai turned the image on the monitor towards the underworld’s creatures in the Beastman Prairie. The undead seems to have advanced further.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the undead and couldn’t help but sigh. The advancement of these undead has been too fast. At this time, they had already occupied two-thirds of the Beastman Prairie. Moreover, their advancement was still going on.</p>

  <p>It was fortunate that the people in the Ark Continent had already moved out. This reduced the headaches that Zhao Hai felt. Zhao Hai opened another screen showing the state of the Northern Icefield. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but get shocked by what he saw. The Space’s monitoring capabilities seem to have improved.</p>

  <p>Before he met the Divine Race, they would place a magic formation everytime they go on a meeting. Because of this, the monitor would just display a white scene. This was the same for the underworld’s fog, the Space couldn’t penetrate deep inside it.</p>

  <p>Because of these, Zhao Hai knew that the Space’s monitor had many limitations.</p>

  <p>However, just now, Zhao Hai discovered that the monitor’s penetration distance seem to have increased. Zhao Hai didn’t expect this to happen.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but look at Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, it seems like the monitor has been improved.”</p>

  <p>Cai’er had a smug look as she nodded and said, “So Young Master has noticed. When the Space levelled up, the monitor’s abilities have also been strengthened.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “You couldn’t blame me for this. I’ve been too busy to take note of this. Hahaha. Good, it’s great that it improved. Later on, we can spy on anything we like.”</p>

  <p>Cai’er smiled as well, “I also have something else that will make Young Master happy. The ingredients in the magic backgrounds can now be used. By my calculations, they should be enough to make ten God rank potions. Moreover, the output of these ingredients would slowly increase. And most importantly, crops grown on the magic background can quickly replenish our supply of gold goins. When the time comes, Young Master can buy those remaining backgrounds.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai clapped his hands, “Fantastic! Finally we can get rich. Having no money really affected my confidence. That’s good. Right, Cai’er, make those God-rank potions.” Then Zhao Hai turned to Laura and the others and said, “Since we don’t have any pressing matter to take care of, let’s go to Grandpa Green and have a dinner with them.”</p>

  <p>Laura and the others happily obliged. They had been too busy with the Demons and the Divine Race lately that they had no chance to share a meal with Grandpa Green and the others. Since they had nothing to do at the moment, they might as well eat with the elders.</p>

  <p>As Cai’er arranged the God-rank potions, Zhao Hai and the others flashed towards the Ark Space, on the island occupied by the Buda Clan. The island wasn’t too far from the new Ark Continent. However, the status of the people living on the island had become extraordinary. This was because of the Buda Clan, Zhao Hai’s family. There’s no person in the Ark Continent that dared disrespect members of the clan.</p>

  <p>However, it was also because of this status that Zhao Hai reduced the contact between the island and the mainland. At this point, the Buda Clan is no longer trading with the continent. This was because there was no way to do proper business when it came to the Buda Clan. Once the family sells on the mainland, no haggling on prices occured, the other party might even insert extra money on the side. If Zhao Hai does business this way, then the people’s respect towards him would become bad. At this point, Zhao Hai would only buy the least amount of things from the mainland as possible.</p>

  <p>The Buda Clan’s island was quite similar to the black wasteland’s structure. Those who lived in the island were no longer just the Buda Clan and their slaves. Elves, Dwarves, and a substantial number of Beastmen also lived on the island.</p>

  <p>When the new continent was made, Zhao Hai had the people from the Black Wasteland return to their homes. Some Dwarves, Elves, and Beastmen chose to leave the island but there were also some of them who decided to stay. They liked the way the Buda Clan ran things as well as the island’s environment. Because of this, they stayed and chose to become members of the Buda Clan.</p>

  <p>The island had now become its own small self-sustaining continent. The Elves could make their artworks on the island and then sell them to Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai would then choose some artworks for himself while selling the others to the Space. Although the artworks would be sold for a higher price on the continent, the Elves were still satisfied with the price given by the Space. As long as they have food, water, and a place to stay, that was already good enough.</p>

  <p>The situation with the Dwarves was also similar. They like to forge stuff. In the past, they would continually make weapons and armor on demand, they held no freedom in what they can make. However, things were different in the island, they now have the freedom to make anything they want. Dwarves built their own houses and forges and then went on to do what they like. In any case, they don’t need to worry about things to eat and drink.</p>

  <p>One could say that the Buda Clan’s island was its own free state. Here, everyone can do whatever they wanted. As long as they don’t break the rules, then nobody would judge them for what they do.</p>
</body>
</html>