<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 890: Most Violent Way</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai hadn’t met this situation before. He just commanded the Dao Lotus to attack, but it seems that the Dao Lotus had a mind of its own and made its own move. This made Zhao Hai puzzled.</p>

  <p>At this time, the scene of primal chaos exploded fiercely. Following a banging sound, the star vanished alongside the entire starry sky.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked outward and saw that the blue skies had returned. Not far away from him was the Divine Race’s grain fleet. There were five Divines surrounding the fleet, all had difficult expressions on their faces. One of them had a rotating plate on his hand while the other four were in full body armor. Zhao Hai could recognize the Supreme Elder of the Taurus Clan among the armored men. Although he didn’t know about the other three, Zhao Hai could still fairly guess who they were.</p>

  <p>The one with two curved horns on his helmet should be the Capricorn Continent’s Supreme Elder. The one with a big pair of wings and was equipped with a bow and arrow should be the Sagittarius Continent’s Supreme Elder. And the one with fish fins on his armor should be the Pisces Continent’s Supreme Elder.</p>

  <p>The aura of these people wasn’t small. The oldest one among them should be the Taurus Supreme Elder, the others seem to be younger.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai didn’t have time to talk to them as he heard Cai’er calling out to him. Cai’er appeared in front of Zhao Hai and then hugged his neck as she cried, “Young Master, young master, you just disappeared. I can’t find you. I was so scared.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai lightly rubbed Cai’er’s head and said, “Cai’er, don’t be afraid. This Zhao Hai will never leave you.” After some time, Zhao Hai managed to calm Cai’er down. At this time, Laura and the others walked towards Zhao Hai. They looked at Zhao Hai with sincere gazes. They knew Zhao Hai would be able to solve this crisis.</p>

  <p>Then Zhao Hai looked at the Divines and said, “And which Supreme Elders do I have the privilege to meet? I already know old Taurus, so there’s no need for introduction. How about I guess the others? Hmm, you should be the Capricorn Continent’s Supreme Elder. Should I call you Moroga?”</p>

  <p>Moroga just snorted and didn’t answer Zhao Hai. Although he still had his proud look, his eyes were full of dread.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly, then he turned his head to the person with wings and was equipped with a bow. “You should be the Sagittarius Continent’s Supreme Elder. Please forgive me, I don’t know your name.”</p>

  <p>The Supreme Elder had a calm expression as he gave Zhao Hai a salute and said, “Nice to meet you, my name is Shi.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he turned his head to the elder with fins on his suit, “And you should be the Pisces Continent’s Supreme Elder. I apologize for not knowing your name.”</p>

  <p>The Supreme Elder of the Pisces continent also gave a salute and said, “Mingdasir has seen mister Zhao Hai.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gave a nod. Then he turned his head to look at the person holding the plate, he smiled faintly and said, “I’d like to guess this elder’s identity. If I have not guessed wrong, the formation was your doing. And the reason you’re able establish the formation was because of your formation plate. Since your formation allows ultimate weapons to coordinate with each other, you’re status shouldn’t be that difficult to guess.”</p>

  <p>The Supreme Elder looked calmly at Zhao Hai. Seeing that the other party had stayed silent, Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “The Divine Realm has 13 continent. Each continent had their own Ultimate Weapon. 12 of the continents have their names going according to the constellations, only the Central Continent did not. At the same time, the 12 continents have combat suits that correspond to their continent’s name. As far as I know, there’s no word about the Central Continent having their own combat suit.”</p>

  <p>The Central Continent’s Supreme Elder’s eyes shrunk upon hearing Zhao Hai. Noting this small detail, Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “The Central Continent’s Ultimate Weapon should be that formation plate in your hand. That plate could establish a formation that would allow the 12 continent’s ultimate weapons to coordinate. If my assumptions are true, then you should be the Central Continent’s Supreme Elder. But I have to apologize for not knowing your name.”</p>

  <p>The Supreme Elder looked at Zhao Hai and then said, “Mister Zhao Hai is too polite. Mister’s guess is correct, I am indeed the Central Continent’s Supreme Elder. I’m just known as Elder Star. I didn’t think that mister would actually break the formation that we’ve prepared for a long time. Mister’s strength is truly one of a kind.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “It is Elder Star that is being too polite. It seems like you’ve come here to kill me. Am I correct?”</p>

  <p>Elder Star looked at Zhao Hai and then sighed, “To be honest, I didn’t want mister to become my enemy. Mister’s strength is beyond my expectations. However, Mister is just too strong, to the point of being a threat to the Divine Race. Because of this, I have no choice by to deal with Mister.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing this, Zhao Hai laughed and said, “Elder Star really says interesting things. You don’t want to become my enemy? Then why did the Divines open a spatial rift to my Ark Continent? Why did the Divines sacrifice millions of the Ark Continent’s people, both young and old, for your blood sacrifice? My actions are something that the Divine Race had brought onto itself. You really think that the Divines could rein in every plane. However, you don’t realize that you’re just chess pieces for another person. A dog being commanded. A threat to the Divine Race’s existence? Hahahaha, the Divines shouldn’t exist to begin with!”</p>

  <p>After Zhao Hai said that, the faces of Elder Star and the others turned ugly. Elder Star coldly snorted and said, “Zhao Hai, don’t think that you’re great just because I spared a good word or two for you. You think you can escape from our attacks?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai laughed once more and replied, “Escape? Why would I escape? I want to collect all of your Ultimate Weapons for my own use. Did I just come here to watch you and run? And you hold me here while your grain ships would escape? Stop dreaming. From what I can see, there’s five of you here. There are still four Supreme Elders not accounted for. Two should be back defending your continents. As for the other two, are they planning to head here and surround me?”</p>

  <p>As Zhao Hai said that, the expressions of the Divines changed. Then at this moment, an extremely huge whirlpool suddenly appeared on the sea. The entire Divine Race fleet was swallowed up, nothing but those Divines who flew were left.</p>

  <p>When all the ships had vanished, a small ball suddenly flew out from the sea and headed towards the Hell King’s ship before plopping on top of Zhao Hai’s head.</p>

  <p>That small ball was Bubble, the source of Myriad Water. Before Zhao Hai left the continent, he had Bubble released to the sea in order to swallow the grain ships into its own storage space.</p>

  <p>To be honest, Zhao Hai can deal with five of these Elders at once. However, if he did that, then he would have to use his true strength. This would cause the plane’s suppression on him to become stronger. If he was unlucky, then he might prematurely ascend. Because of this, Zhao Hai didn’t proceed to quickly deal with the five elders. The reason he talked with them was in order for Bubble to have time to prepare. This ended with the grain ships being swallowed up.</p>

  <p>Moreover, the words that Zhao Hai said wasn’t all just for the sake of conversation. The two Supreme Elders guarding the Taurus Continent were indeed heading here. They were the Cancer Continent and the Leo Continent’s Supreme Elders.</p>

  <p>The two arriving here was something that Zhao Hai desired. Amidst the expressions of the Supreme Elders, Zhao Hai gave a smile and said, “Ever since I was born, today’s fight was the hardest one I’ve encountered. But everyone, I won’t be here for long. See you next time!” After he said that, Zhao Hai vanished along with the Hell King’s Ship.</p>

  <p>Seeing Zhao Hai vanish, the expressions of the Supreme Elders changed. This was especially evident in Gold Ben as he said, “Not good! Nobody is left to defend our base in the Taurus Continent! Zhao Hai will attack!” When they heard this, the Supreme Elders’ expressions turned ugly. Elder Star immediately said, “Quick, everyone go back to the base. We cannot allow Zhao Hai to destroy it!” After that, all of them flew towards the Taurus Continent with all their might. But unfortunately for them, nobody can beat a Space Ability user when it came to mobility. They were bound to be defeated.</p>

  <p>When the Hell King’s ship disappeared from the sea, it quickly re-emerged in an area not far away from the Divine Base in the Taurus Continent. After appearing, Zhao Hai immediately took a messenger fish and said, “Bingya, Bingya, are you there?’</p>

  <p>Bingya’s voice came, “Mister, I’m here.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Good. Listen, have the vassal soldiers prepare. We’ll be dealing with the base. At this moment, the base has no Supreme Elder defending it. It’s time to attack.”</p>

  <p>Bingya gave a nod, then he gave an affirmation before putting the messenger fish away and preparing for the attack. Zhao Hai looked at the base and snorted, “It’s about time you fall.” Then he made the Hell King’s ship advance.</p>

  <p>While the ship advanced, its size began to gradually increase. In the end, the ship became the size of a hill. At the same time, Zhao Hai released the scorpion as well as Bubble.</p>

  <p>The Divine Race’s base wasn’t too far from the sea. This was made in order for them to receive supplies much quicker. But this also gave Bubble the chance to show his might.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s speed was very fast. While advancing, the ship’s cannons fired beams of light. Bubble went to the sea and began to make huge waves that crashed towards the base. These attacks caught the Divines off-guard.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai also released a large amount of undead to overrun the base. Although the Divines were fighting back with their cavalries and cannons, their progress wasn’t very good.</p>

  <p>There were 20 Domain Weapon experts who went out of the base, but they were eliminated instantly by the Hell King’s ship. The ship’s attacks were now more powerful thanks to the yin flame. This flame was quite sinister, its attacking strength was nothing to scoff at.</p>

  <p>Although it was still daytime and sunlight was the best counter to yin flames, that rule only affects ordinary yin flames. Zhao Hai’s yin flames don’t have this weakness.</p>

  <p>However, the Divine Race’s base was built really well. Layers upon layers of protective formations made it hard for Zhao Hai to make a proper attack.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knew that he couldn’t deal with 100 million Divine Race soldiers in a short period of time. And it would be more troublesome if the Supreme Elders arrive. Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to have the Hell King’s ship hit the base head on.</p>

  <p>The Divines constructed their base on a mountain, completely hollowing its insides. Therefore, Zhao Hai wanted to use the ship to collapse the mountain in one go.</p>

  <p>Outside the base, Bingya, who was preparing to cooperate with Zhao Hai along with the vassal soldiers, stared blankly as Zhao Hai drove the ship to slam the mountain. It looked like a suicidal move.</p>

  <p>Bang. The sound of collision reverberated as the mountain collapsed. Dust and debris went everywhere. Some huge rocks even managed to fly towards the vassal soldiers.</p>

  <p>Upon seeing this, Bingya became shocked. However, he quickly recovered as he gave an order, “Quickly hide!” The vassal soldiers weren’t fools, they couldn’t just stand there and wait to be smashed. They immediately scattered in all directions. Zhao Hai’s attack gave them an extreme shock.</p>

  <p>On the other hand, plenty of Divines inside the base weren’t able to run away and were directly buried alive. Although there were people who managed to escape, all of them couldn’t help but stare dumbly at what just happened. Their base was just destroyed, they were too shocked to think about escaping.</p>

  <p>The Divines had thought about ways Zhao Hai could use to break through their base, and they even made all sorts of precautions. However, they didn’t expect that Zhao Hai would use this barbaric method. Moreover, he even managed to destroy everything. The Divines were turned silly. All of their confidence and pride were now gone. For some, the only thing that was left was deep fear!</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai didn’t plan to let them off. The undead encircled the Divine race army. Only a single word was required and Zhao Hai would be able to eliminate all of them.</p>
</body>
</html>