<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1238: Floating Island</h3>

  <p>When Zhao Hai heard Berry, he couldn’t help but stare for a moment. Then his expression lit up as he said, “You did? Where is it?”</p>

  <p>Berry didn’t say anything as she just smiled faintly and then waved her hand.&#160; A large screen appeared and showed the place. Zhao hai was stunned, it was a beautiful place, beautiful beyond imagination.</p>

  <p>It was a small island-looking place. However, this island was floating in the air with a pointed cone shape in the bottom. The entire island was about a thousand kilometers across, it wasn’t very large. It’s environment was also very strange. On one side of the island was a mountain range. The mountain range wasn’t tall, only a few hundred meters high. The mountain range was divided into five peaks. There’s also a river flowing down the mountain range. The volume of water from the river wasn’t much – with the river only 10 meters across. It’s depth wasn’t visible, but its flow wasn’t fast and looked very gentle. This river flowed down the mountains and into a forest. There were all kinds of trees in the forest, but they weren’t tall as well, with the tallest trees barely reaching 20 meters high. The entire mountain looked rich and beautiful.</p>

  <p>A plain was under the mountains. It was covered with green grass as well as small shrubberies. It looked like an ordinary grassland.&#160;</p>

  <p>But what’s strange about this island was its lack of fauna. Besides the plants, there were no other living creatures on the island.</p>

  <p>At the same time, the island’s sky wasn’t blue, instead it was bright yellow in color. It wasn’t bright but it also wasn’t dark. There were also several clouds fluttering by the island, adding to its beauty.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s eyes were shining as he looked at the island. Then he asked, “Where is this place? So beautiful. But is it safe?”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled faintly and said, “Take a guess. It’s an absolutely safe region.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, then after seeing the cunning smiles on everyone’s face, he immediately had a hunch. So he asked, “It’s in the Quicksand Starfield is it?”</p>

  <p>Laura and the others laughed. Then Laura smiled and said, “Brother Hai guessed right. It might seem unbelievable, but do you believe it now? This place is truly in the Quicksand Starfied, moreover it’s at the very center of the huge desert.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the floating island on the screen, then he muttered, “This universe is truly vast. Such a place even exists. This place is beautiful. It’s a good place to make a base.”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and said, “That’s why we thought that it would be a good location for a base.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “This is the place. Let’s go and see it.” Then he waved his hand, causing everyone to appear on the island.</p>

  <p>As soon as he stepped on the island, Zhao Hai became stunned. The spiritual qi in the island turns out to be adequate. Although it was worse than the Space, it was still stronger than in the Machine Field. It can even be compared to cities in the Cultivation Realm.</p>

  <p>Since the spiritual qi was thick, the natural air was also very good. A light breeze caresses you, making the island very comfortable to be in. If an average person came here, then they would definitely be attracted by the beautiful colors of the scenery. However, to Zhao Hai, everything was just average.</p>

  <p>After taking a look at the surroundings, Zhao Hai knew that it was impossible for any ores to grow here. Meanwhile, the sky shouldn’t be yellow by itself. What caused it to turn yellow should be the radiance of the desert that surrounded it. However, Zhao Hai couldn’t believe an island like this to exist in the Quicksand Starfield. Just as Laura said, this place was truly safe.</p>

  <p>The endless desert of the starfield existed for a very long time. And during that time, even almighty Cultivators didn’t dare enter this place. If this place was unsafe, then nothing in the World of Cultivation was safe.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai believed that if strong Cultivators discovered this place, they would immediately move here. It was because this place was not only secure, it was also well hidden. This was the best place to close up.</p>

  <p>Powerful practitioners would still close up from time to time. It was during this time where they tried to comprehend their Cultivation. Powerful beings closing up was a fairly common matter in the World of Cultivation.</p>

  <p>However, they would need to find a safe and secret place to close up. There weren’t only one or two powerful beings who were slain during their seclusion.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was sure that nobody had found out about this place before. This was because there were no traces of people here. It was a completely pure environment.</p>

  <p>But it was clear that the vitality of this place was lacking. Although there were plants everywhere, the lack of animals was an issue.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t mind it as he turned to Laura and the others and said, “You have worked hard. I didn’t expect you to find a place like this. However, I have another favor to ask you. We need a small settlement built here with all the facilities needed. I’ll leave the design to you. What do you think?”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and said, “That’s not a problem. Leave it to us.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “Besides building here, continue looking for places for a base. We shouldn’t put all of our eggs in one basket. Find a place close to the Ashley Family. This way, if the Machine Field suffers an accident, we would be able to provide help to the Ashley Family.”</p>

  <p>Laura turned her head to Margaret and then nodded as she said, “Rest assured. This is related to Sister Margaret, so we’ll pay extra attention to it.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said ,”Alright, let’s leave. The scenery here isn’t as good as the Space. By the way, if you have time, put some fish and animals here. Make this place more alive.”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and said, “Don’t worry about it. Leave it to us. Let’s head back. Sister Meg should be done with the crabs.” Zhao Hai smiled and then waved his hand, returning everyone to the Space.</p>

  <p>When they went back to the Space, everyone took a deep breath, especially Laura and the others. They were already used to being inside the Space. So when they headed out, they weren’t used to the taste of the air.</p>

  <p>Just as everyone returned to the Space, Meg walked out from the kitchen and said, “Young Master, the meal is done.” Zhao Hai and the others nodded. Then they went to the dining room together with Meg.</p>

  <p>Upon arriving at the dining room, Laura and the others couldn’t help but be wowed. Nothing else was placed on the table other than the giant crab. This huge crab almost occupied the entire table. It looked impressive on top of the dining table.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai saw this, he laughed and said, “Alright, let’s eat. My mouth is already watering.” Then his hand moved as Liquid Silver appeared. Then he divided the crab and took out the crab meat inside and placed it on the tray. Laura and the others immediately took knives and forks to eat.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai also took some meat and put it in his mouth. A fresh taste immediately went through his taste buds and then to his head before spreading to his entire body. The flavor made his hair stand up, it was too tasty.</p>

  <p>The giant crab was consumed by everyone in no time. Looking at the empty crab shell on the table, Zhao Hai sighed and said, “It’s very delicious. I’m thinking about opening a shop after the competition. Then we can serve this crab and get rich off of it.”</p>

  <p>Laura’s eyes shone and she said, “That’s a good idea. But Brother Hai, you need to give us an identity. Then we can manage the shop.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai laughed and said, “Alright. Then I’ll get you a legitimate status once the competition ends. Don’t worry about it.” Zhao Hai also knew that Laura and the others had stayed inside the Space for too long. It’s time for them to head out and play.</p>

  <p>The group rested in the Villa for some time before heading to sleep. It was impossible for Zhao Hai to head out this quickly, so he also spent his night inside the Space.</p>

  <p>After Zhao Hai woke up, he calculated that it was time to head out. So he took Lu Dingtian’s dagger-axe and then appeared back inside the cave. Xiong Li and the others were currently practicing. They haven’t participated in the last fight, so there’s no need for them to rest. Instead, they used the time to practice.</p>

  <p>When they felt that Zhao Hai had come back, everyone opened their eyes at the same time. Zhao Hai smiled faintly as he handed the dagger-axe to Lu Dingtian and said, “Second Brother, try this out. See if it suits you.’</p>

  <p>Lu Dingtian nodded and accepted his weapon. After weighing the weapon in his hand, he quickly moved and tried a few moves inside the nest cave. The dagger-axe came to life in Lu Dingtian’s hands. Lu Dingtian’s actions seem to cut wind and rain. Most importantly, Lu Dingtian’s dagger-axe was emitting extremely strong killing aura. Each wave was akin to a terrifying general rampaging through the battlefield.</p>

  <p>Lu Dingtian’s actions caused Xiong Li to nod. Then he said, “Old Lu’s dagger-axe technique is very powerful. I’m afraid I wouldn’t be able to defeat him anymore. His technique isn’t complex, instead it is very simple. It matches well with his strong temperament. No wonder he gained the nickname ‘Army Breaker’. He alone could face thousands of soldiers.”</p>

  <p>Dongfang Yu nodded and said, “Dagger-axes are also rare weapons. Using a dagger-axe to a degree like Second Brother is very difficult. Second Brother is truly a genius.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly. He didn’t say anything and just waited for Lu Dingtian. After some time, when Lu Dingtian became familiar with his new weapon, he stopped. Then he looked at ZHao Hai and said, “Little Hai, thank you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai chuckled as he patted Lu Dingtian’s shoulder and said, “We’re brothers, so save those formalities. Everyone, come and take your pile of bugs. I have something for us to eat.” Nobody held back and took a pile for themselves. Then they returned to the cave they were in before.</p>

  <p>After that, Zhao Hai took out the big crabs for everyone to eat. And then everyone took off towards other caves.</p>
</body>
</html>