<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 898: Two-man Act</h3>

  <p>The vassal soldiers soon found out that they had lost the opportunity to escape. On the outskirts of the battlefield, Zhao Hai’s undead had been stationed, encircling them inside. If they wanted to escape, then they would need to go through the undead.</p>

  <p>At this point, the vassal soldiers regretted provoking Zhao Hai. They had discovered that they were looking too highly upon themselves. They simply couldn’t contend with Zhao Hai. With Zhao Hai’s strength, he could deal with the Divines without the help of the vassal races.</p>

  <p>With such strength, why would Zhao Hai deceive them? And with the vassal soldiers’ strength, could they pass on to be Zhao Hai’s cannon fodder?</p>

  <p>If someone asked the vassal soldiers right now if there was something more sad than being a cannon fodder, then they certainly get a concrete answer. It was having no qualification to become even cannon fodder.</p>

  <p>The confidence of the vassal races was completely destroyed. They were left not knowing what to do. They used to hope that their numbers would provide them with safety. But as far as the situation had gone, this hope had been destroyed, popped like a bubble and blown away by the wind.</p>

  <p>Just when the vassal races felt that the world was collapsing around them, a loud voice was suddenly heard, “Mister Zhao Hai, please stop!” It was Bingya.</p>

  <p>After this sound was heard, both the Hell King’s ship and the undead stopped while the vassal soldiers felt relief. After that, everyone glanced towards the direction of that voice. It was Bingya and the others who were pressured by the vassal soldiers a few days ago. At that time, they didn’t look highly upon Bingya’s group. But now, Bingya and the others looked very pleasant.</p>

  <p>It was at this moment that the Hell King’s ship had reduced its size. Zhao Hai’s group was seen once more with Zhao Hai still holding his glass of blood red wine. Upon seeing the wine on Zhao Hai’s hand, the vassal soldiers couldn’t help but tremble. At this point, if someone told them that Zhao Hai was actually drinking blood, then they would have believed it.</p>

  <p>While holding his wine glass, Zhao Hai looked at Bingya and said, “Bingya, what do you want? You already asked me to give these people food. Are these the people you want to save? You did this on purpose didn’t you? Did you expect me to lower myself just because I’ve allied with the foreign races?”</p>

  <p>Bingya immediately bowed to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, this is a misunderstanding. These people are just worried about their own families. It was only under the instigation of ambitious people that they became like this. I ask Mister to spare them and not to punish them heavily. Please let them go this time.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Bingya before turning his gaze towards the vassal soldiers. When the vassal soldiers saw that Zhao Hai’s gaze was on then, their bodies couldn’t help but shrink. Although Zhao Hai looked very calm, he looked terrifying in the eyes of these people.</p>

  <p>After sweeping the vassal races with his gaze, Zhao Hai turned back to Bingya and said, “Can you guarantee that they won’t offend me again? If they dared to, then I would have to be impolite.”</p>

  <p>The vassal soldiers couldn’t help but feel a chill when they heard this. Zhao Hai had already killed more than 1 million of them. This was Zhao Hai being polite? Then what would his impoliteness be? They couldn’t even dare think about it.</p>

  <p>Bingya immediately responded, “Mister can rest assured, this matter will absolutely never be repeated.” Zhao Hai snorted before he swept the vassal soldiers once more and then returning to his cabin. After that, the ship vanished along with the undead that was surrounding the vassal soldiers.</p>

  <p>He disappeared. Those present didn’t even know how Zhao Hai left. It was now that they understood that Zhao Hai wasn’t going all out in eliminating them. Otherwise, they would have been wiped out a long time ago. Zhao Hai being polite right now wasn’t a lie.</p>

  <p>After Zhao Hai left, Bingya turned to the vassal soldiers. He sighed before saying, “Let’s go back to the camp. Go have a rest, we’ll talk later.” After saying that, Bingya’s group went back and returned to their room. The vassal soldiers were also adamant about returning to the camp. However, what the vassal soldiers failed to see was the smile on Bingya’s face as he turned back.</p>

  <p>Actually, Zhao Hai and Bingya’s exchange was something they planned for the vassal soldiers. Zhao Hai told Bingya about this just before he drove the Hell King’s ship towards the soldiers. The plan was to have the two of them perform a play.</p>

  <p>It was impossible for Zhao Hai to kill all of the vassal soldiers. He wasn’t a ruthless person, and he just wanted to teach the vassal soldiers a lesson. Therefore, Zhao Hai planned to have Bingya come out just as he was about to make his second attack. Turning Bingya into the hero while Zhao Hai plays the villain, subduing the vassal soldiers in the process.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was now a sword hanging on top of the vassal soldiers’ heads. As long as Zhao Hai was present, the soldiers would follow Bingya’s orders.</p>

  <p>Just as Zhao Hai said before, the vassal soldiers aren’t useless. Once these people united, their strength would be great. This time, their minds were muddled. Their people were currently fighting against the Divines, but this news was still uncertain. With how their thoughts were scattered, it was easy to persuade them at this moment.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai believed that the Patriarchs of these vassal races weren’t simple characters. Once the Divines start to fight against the foreign races, these Patriarchs would certainly see the situation and gauge who the true enemy was. As long as they go against the Divines, Zhao Hai believed that they would be able to hold out for a long time.</p>

  <p>While the vassal soldiers returned to their camp, the Hell King’s ship reappeared at another place in the Taurus Continent. Zhao Hai was still holding on to his wine glass while Laura and the others were beside him. However, there were some of them who didn’t have a happy expression on their faces.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai still had a calm expression as he drank from his wine glass. Seeing Laura and the others’ unhappy expression, Zhao Hai gently placed his glass on the table and said, “What’s wrong? Are you still angry? There’s no need to be mad. You didn’t want me to kill those people don’t you?”</p>

  <p>Lizzy snorted and said, “I hated seeing those guys. You should’ve dealt with them Brother Hai. They’re expendable anyway.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “They’re not expendable. If we deal with them, then we would incur a lot of enmity. Those soldiers are the main forces of their clans. If they are absent, then those vassal clans wouldn’t be able to fight against the Divines. If they were to know about today’s matter, then they not only wouldn’t hate us, they might even feel grateful.” Lizzy harrumphed and replied, “I still think that they’re disrespectful. Forget it, I always get angry whenever I think about those guys. In any case, what happened is more beneficial to us. Right, Brother Hai, what do you plan on doing now?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Next, we do nothing. Just let the Bingya and the others send them to the Foreign Races’ continent. I don’t think it would take too long before the Divines make a move against the foreign races.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy nodded. At this moment Cai’er suddenly flew to Zhao Hai’s side and said, “Young Master, the O’Neal family has sent a war tank with shields to the Demon Realm. They’re approaching a mine. It won’t be long before they see the undead and the iron armor beasts.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, then he nodded and said, “Alright. I knew this day would come sooner or later. It’s just much earlier than I expected. Don’t worry about them. Just observe the reaction of the O’Neal family when they see the undead and iron armor beasts. I want to see if they’ll just investigate or immediately attack.”</p>

  <p>Cai’er nodded before turning around and entering the Space. After that, Laura said, “Brother Hai, what do you want to accomplish by doing this? Do we just let the O’Neal family know about the undead and iron armor beasts?” Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “They would eventually find out anyway. Don’t worry, there’s nothing remarkable about them discovering our mining operations. At the same time, this would also attract more attention from the O’Neal family. This way, they would be more focused on the Demon Realm.”</p>

  <p>Laura thought about it and felt that Zhao Hai’s thinking wasn’t wrong. They will have to face the O’Neal family eventually. With a strange place like the Demon Realm, the O’Neal family would surely be interested. With their investigations, there’s no mystery if they were to find out about the undead and iron armor beasts. Instead of hiding all the time, they might as well show themselves and see how the O’Neal family reacts.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy turned her head to Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, you want Penny to discover the undead and iron armor beasts in order to attract all of those scouts from the O’Neal family? Can we really delay the discovery of the Divine Realm with this method?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “Impossible. The O’Neal family will not abandon the scouting of the continent in exchange for the Demon Realm. They will find the Divine Realm’s spatial rift soon. But we have undead stationed in the rift, they should be able to hold on for a while. We can also use this opportunity to let the three clans be involved. This way, they’ll be able to see the strength of the O’Neal Family.”</p>
</body>
</html>