<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 477: Acting Out of Desperation</h3>

  <p>Randolph’s face showed a serious expression, he clearly knew how huge the matter regarding Antimagic Powder was. This was something that was taken seriously by the continent. A lot of Mages suffered because of this powder.</p>

  <p>Also, he didn’t believe that Zhao Hai would deceive him. Although Zhao Hai had some problems with the Calci Family in the past, Randolph can see that Zhao Hai really liked Megan. This Antimagic Powder held a very significant place in the hearts of all the Mages in the Continent. It didn’t matter whether they were Dark Mages or Light Mages, every single one of them were extremely concerned about this item.</p>

  <p>Randolph nodded and said, “What are you planning to do now?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I reckon the Robert Family is finished. This night, except for their shop in Carson City, all of their shops in the continent will be attacked, they wouldn’t even get a single cent from them. In the future, their troubles would only get bigger. If Grandfather is swift, the Calci Family might even take over Robert Family’s businesses.”</p>

  <p>After Zhao Hai talked, Third Grandfather pointed towards the bag of Antimagic Powder and said, “Wait, if they really used Antimagic Powder, then how did you survive?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Antimagic Powder doesn’t affect me.”</p>

  <p>Third Grandfather snorted, “That just shows that this powder is fake, how could it be ineffective.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai just smiled, “Is it really fake? You’ll know when you try it, Third Grandfather. Remember, if my toxin from the Water of Nothingness didn’t get cured, I wouldn’t be here today.”</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai said this, Third Grandfather didn’t know how to respond. At this time, Randolph was still very cautious, he immediately turned to Smith and said, “Smith, you get a person to try it, see if this thing is real. If it isn’t fake, then even god cannot save the Robert Family.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai added, “Grandfather, i think we should send someone to monitor the Robert Family right now. They failed their operation this time, exposing the fact that they possess Antimagic Powder. It would be a big problem if they run away.”</p>

  <p>Randolph stared, then he immediately nodded and said, “Right, do just as what Little Hai said. First, immediately go send some assassins over to the Robert Family, make sure to keep a close eye on their movements.”</p>

  <p>Peter complied, he turned away to find someone to send. At this time, Smith returned, along with him, a family’s foreign elder came. He was an 8th rank Dark Mage, although he doesn’t have any authority, he can be trusted.</p>

  <p>After the person came, he gave a salute to Randolph. Randolph had the man stand in an area as Smith started to spread the powder all around him. When Smith opened the bag, he immediately knew that the contents were real. This was because he felt the movement of the elements going sluggish. This was something he didn’t experience before.</p>

  <p>However, to test the powder’s might, Smith continued to spread the powder around the person. When the person used magic, Randolph and the others carefully observed him. Even if the person was successful in casting his Dark Magic, they could clearly see that it took him a significant amount of effort to succeed. When the man casted the second time, nothing came out, the man’s face couldn’t help but turn white.</p>

  <p>When Randolph and the others saw this scene, their doubts about the authenticity of the powder disappeared. At this time, Zhao Hai carefully collected all of the powder. After Zhao Hai was done, all the people in the room finally relaxed.</p>

  <p>However, Randolph’s face turned very ugly. He turned to Smith and said, “Second, immediately inform the family to prepare for battle, we should be on guard just in case the Robert Family goes to act in desperation.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t think about this point. When the Robert Family decided to use Antimagic Powder, they should’ve been acting because they see that they have an advantage. After all, they still didn’t know about the fact that all of their shops outside the capital were now destroyed.</p>

  <p>Even if they don’t know, it was still possible for them to act out of desperation. This was because they might be be afraid that the Calci Family would spread the fact that the Robert Family had Antimagic Powder in their possession.</p>

  <p>As long as the information about the existence of Antimagic Powder spreads, not to mention a mere Robert Family, even the Rosen Empire wouldn’t survive the backlash. Think about it, how many Mages were currently in the continent? For their own safety, all of the Mages would unite and kill all of those who possess Antimagic Powder. There isn’t a single power in the continent that could guard against an alliance of such scale.</p>

  <p>The status of Mages in the continent was naturally high because of their formidable attacking strength. If people were to suddenly use a type of item like the Antimagic Powder, making their capabilities weaker, their status would definitely decline. In this case, in order to maintain their interests, Mages would surely make a counter-attack. The cumulative strength of all Mages in the continent was simply terrifying. There won’t be any 9th rank experts that would not want to interfere, this was because there were also a lot of 9th rank experts among the Mages.</p>

  <p>Listening to the old patriarch, Smith immediately prepared to exit. But at this time, an explosive sound can be heard. Then, a giant firework fired off into the sky.</p>

  <p>Upon hearing this, everyone in the hall immediately went out to see. The only ones left behind were Randolph and Zhao Hai, Smith left much earlier.</p>

  <p>When he saw the people’s perplexed expression, Zhao Hai was confused. Randolph looked at Zhao Hai and faintly smiled, “That was just an early warning signal released by a magic cannon. That signal meant that our Calci Family is getting ready for attack. As long as that warning shot is heard, all the members of the Calci Family would prepare themselves for battle at the shortest time possible. Making themselves mentally ready for a life and death fight together with the family.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, Randolph’s attitude towards him was now very good. Randolph looked at Zhao Hai and smiled, “Well, no need to think much about it. Come with me, let’s go towards the walls.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai agreed, then went out of the room along with Randolph. While they were heading to the walls, they could see the members of the Calci Family redying themselves. There were people moving here and there, there were also Warriors wearing their full body armor, along with a weapon in their hands. Mages can be seen holding their magic staffs as well.</p>

  <p>At the same time, Zhao Hai also noticed that the children of the family were being led away by some men. They were going to be lead outside the castle using a secret passage. Megan and the others didn’t join them, the group just stayed there instead.</p>

  <p>People from the Calci Family knew that Dark Soldier Fort was their family’s fort. Their fighting power was strongest here. For someone to dare attack this place meant that someone was confident in dealing with the family. This made them more careful in preparing themselves.</p>

  <p>Before long, Megan and the others arrived by Zhao Hai’s side. Megan already told Laura and the others about what was currently happening. However, they didn’t worry, they knew that inside Zhao Hai’s Space, 40 9th ranks were present. In the face of that quantity of 9th ranks, there was no point in worrying.</p>

  <p>When Randolph saw Megan, he couldn’t help but frown and said, “Megan, why haven’t you left? Just in case something went wrong, you should make yourself safe.”</p>

  <p>Megan smiled and said, “Grandfather, it’s fine. With Big Brother Hai here, there’s no need to worry. Right, let’s quickly go to the walls, let’s see who dared to attack us this time.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t tell them about him being attacked with Antimagic Powder. In his mind, this matter was not necessary, this information wouldn’t have any influence on them.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled bitterly as he walked towards the walls along with Megan and the others. Randolph couldn’t help but shake his head, he didn’t expect that Megan would trust Zhao Hai this much.</p>

  <p>The group quickly arrived at the walls. There were a lot of people on the walls as well. Moreover, magic cannons and ballistas were already prepared there.</p>

  <p>Although the walls of Dark Soldier Fort weren’t very high, with all of their preparations, defending it wouldn’t be a problem. Most importantly, the Calci Family was a family of Dark Mages. There were a lot of Mages, especially Dark Mages, in the family, their fighting prowess wasn’t something to scoff at.</p>

  <p>Standing on the walls were these Mages. Even a 100 thousand strong army wouldn’t be able to occupy Dark Soldier Fort. Attacking it wasn’t a good idea.</p>

  <p>However, at this time. Zhao Hai complexion changed. He smiled bitterly and then turned to Randolph and said, “Grandfather, make those Mages in the walls leave, they wouldn’t be able to help. The opposite party has already spread Antimagic Powder on the surrounding forest.</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, Randolph’s expression changed, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Really?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “They spread it out immediately. Moreover, the Robert Family had set out ten thousand people, all of them Warriors. Their ranks aren’t low either.”</p>

  <p>Randolph stared, he decided to believe Zhao Hai as he nodded. Then he issued a command that was received by the people. Before long, all the Mages on the walls went back inside the fort.</p>

  <p>From what he saw in the monitor, Zhao Hai knew that the other party was well prepared. The Warriors already had their weapons prepared. Zhao Hai smiled faintly, he wanted to see how the other party wishes to proceed.</p>

  <p>At the same time, he increased the range of the monitor and saw a group of people scaling up Dark Mountain. This people might be the ones preparing to assault the fort.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly, then in the dim night, he released his undead and made them encircle the attackers. When he makes a move on the attackers later, he wanted to make sure that nobody gets to escape.</p>

  <p>Right now, Randolph had a very serious expression, he didn’t expect the other party to place this much capital on this one attack. For them to use this much Antimagic powder meant that they were preparing to exterminate the Calci Family.</p>

  <p>In any time of the year, eradicating the Calci Family wouldn’t be easy. However, God’s Grace Day has just passed, all of the important members of the family were currently present inside Dark Soldier Fort. If the fort gets attacked this time, the Calci Family would really be ended.</p>
</body>
</html>