<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 572: Asking for Help</h3>

  <p>For a weapon to feel like this made Juno startled. He had not come across such a matter.</p>

  <p>But when Billy looked at the whip, his two eyes shined, after some time, he gave the whip back to Zhao Hai and then said, “I’ll be impolite and ask Mister, does this whip have an Artifact Spirit?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t expect Billy to know about the existence of Artifact Spirits. But since he knew that there was no point in hiding anything from Billy, he nodded and said, “Yes.”</p>

  <p>Billy was moved, he stood up and pulled Zhao Hai outwards. Before he walked out, he instructed the Dwarves, “Bring the food to my room, I have a matter to discuss with Mister Zhao Hai. Old friend, you go with us as well.”</p>

  <p>Juno naturally followed Billy and Zhao Hai. He also wanted to know what this was about. Laura and the others were also puzzled as they looked at the three, but they didn’t go and follow.</p>

  <p>Before long, the three people arrived at Billy’s room. This was Billy’s personal room, not a place for him to work in. The room was a standard room for Dwarves. It wasn’t very big, it had a living room, a bedroom, and a small comfort room, it seems like it was used for washing.</p>

  <p>After the three had sat on the living room, Billy immediately looked at Zhao Hai and said, “The Artifact Spirit of the whip, can it materialize?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gawked, Mu’er can indeed materialize, but he hasn’t shown Mu’er’s form to an outsider before. But Billy was knowledgeable, knowing not only about Artifact Spirits but also materialization.</p>

  <p>After weighing the pros and cons, Zhao Hai decided to show it to Billy. Billy immediately pulled him over to his room as soon as he found out about the Artifact spirit, so naturally he didn’t want other to know about it. Zhao Hai trusted Juno as well, Juno wasn’t someone who would reveal people’s secrets.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Yes.”</p>

  <p>Billy’s expression turned even more serious, his beard seemed to shake. Then he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, can I ask you to let me see the Artifact Spirit?” His voice seem to be out of tune.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t understand why Billy was so moved. But he knew that Billy treated this matter seriously, therefore he nodded and said, “Alright.” Then Zhao Hai held the whip and said, “Mu’er come out.”</p>

  <p>Just after Zhao Hai’s voice fell, Mu’er’s figure slowly appeared on top of the whip. As usual, Mu’er had the appearance of a little boy. After he materialized, Mu’er immediately bowed to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, you called me.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “This is the Dwarf Race’s Patriarch Billy and this is Hurricane Family’s Patriarch Juno, go give them respects.”</p>

  <p>Mu’er turned to look at Billy and Juno and then bowed slightly and said, “Mu’er has seen the two Patriarchs.”</p>

  <p>Billy and Juno looked at Mu’er, Juno hasn’t seen this matter before, but Billy was startled, he didn’t expect Mu’er to be intelligent. It can actually talk like a Human with them, this was out of his imagination.</p>

  <p>In the Dwarf records regarding Artifact Spirits, it said that Artifact Spirits had gained Spiritual Wisdom. It can listen to their master’s words, but it was impossible for them to be intelligent. Therefore, the appearance of Mu’er made Billy, who was quite knowledgeable in this area, quite startled.</p>

  <p>After some time, Billy recovered, however his shocked face was till facing Mu’er. His mouth opened and closed repeatedly, as if he didn’t know what to say.</p>

  <p>At the same time, Juno was also shocked at Mu’er, he didn’t think that a whip can actually speak with them. He hadn’t heard of such a matter.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Billy and smiled faintly, “Patriarch Billy, you hadn’t said anything. Is something wrong?”</p>

  <p>At this time, a knock was heard from outside. Zhao Hai immediately retrieved Mu’er as Billy and Juno sobered up. Billy then said, “Come in.”</p>

  <p>Then Dwarves came in and delivered some tableware and dishes to Zhao Hai and the others before they bowed and left.</p>

  <p>After the Dwarves left, Billy had completely recovered his composure. When the three had sat down, Billy immediately drank some liquor before he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Is the Artifact Spirit already present when you acquired the whip?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “It was. But he cannot do materialization at that time, and he wasn’t intelligent as well. Later on, I used a secret method to make him materialize and become intelligent.”</p>

  <p>When Billy heard Zhao Hai, he lost grip of his cup as it fell down to the ground. He looked straight into Zhao Hai’s eyes with unbelieving expression as he said, “You, you, you said that you used a secret method to make the Artifact Spirit materialize?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “It’s true. Mu’er wasn’t like this at first. But after I used my secret method, he was able to materialize and become what he is right now.”</p>

  <p>Billy stood up, then he walked back and forth. After two laps, he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Can I ask Mister for a favor?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, he was puzzled as he asked, “Patriarch, please say it.”</p>

  <p>Billy sat down and looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister has also seen my race’s Divine Artifact. I suspect that it also has an Artifact Spirit inside. Although the Artifact can also communicate with us right now, it was only limited to simple reactions. I want to ask mister to use his secret method and make our Divine Artifact just like your whip. Can you do this?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t expect Bill to request this of him. He thought for a moment and then said, “I’m still not sure if I can succeed, I can only try. If I become unsuccessful, I hope Patriarch doesn’t blame me.”</p>

  <p>Billy became glad as he replied, “That’s not strange, not strange at all, so there’s no reason to blame you. Mister can rest assure. When can mister do it?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Tonight, bring the Divine Artifact to my dwelling and make sure nobody disturbs me. If I succeed tomorrow, then it’s good. If I dont, no matter how much time I’m given, I’m unlikely to succeed.”</p>

  <p>Billy was elated, “Good, Mister can rest assured, I’ll have everything prepared immediately.” Then he didn’t say anything else as he went outside.</p>

  <p>Seeing the excited Billy, Juno turned to Zhao Hai and smiled, “Little Hai, you’re really good, helping the Dwarves so much. But what is this Artifact Spirit?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “This Artifact Spirit is actually a unique kind of spirit. It’s just like Lich that has been summoned by a Dark Mage. Because it has some kind of soul, it held resentment and reason. Artifact Spirits manifest in weapons, after a very long time, that weapon would slowly form its own consciousness which would in turn become a Spirit Body. However, this Spirit Body wouldn’t be able to separate itself from the weapon, like how a person’s soul cannot leave its body. I have a method to make this Spirit Body more powerful, this is how Mu’er appeared.”</p>

  <p>Juno nodded, Zhao Hai explained it to him in terms that he could understand, but he still couldn’t feel how formidable these Artifact Spirits were. Therefore, the two just stayed and drank as they chatted along.</p>

  <p>Meanwhile, Billy has actually been very busy. He used haste in inviting the elders of the Dwarf Race, then he expressed Mu’er’s existence to them and telling them about his plan.</p>

  <p>Like Billy, the elders were moved, the Divine Artifact was very important to the Dwarves. If the Divine Artifact can manifest its Artifact Spirit, then the Dwarves would benefit a lot from it.</p>

  <p>The elders immediately agreed to Billy’s plan. They believed that Billy wouldn’t deceive them with regards of this matter. Seeing the elders simultaneously agreeing, Billy immediately had them group up inside the Great Hall. He and the elders bathed themselves and changed their clothes as they prepared to hand their Divine Artifact over to Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t know about any of these, after eating his meal with Juno, he immediately returned to his room. At this time, Laura and the others were already back, when they saw Zhao Hai, they immediately greeted them as Laura asked, “Brother Hai, what happened? What did the Dwarf Patriarch call you for? He looked very worried.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and smiled, “It’s about the hammer in their Divine Palace, that this is the Divine Artifact of the Dwarves. The hammer also had its own Artifact Spirit, just like Mu’er, however, the spirit is very weak. The Dwarves wanted me to have their Divine Artifact be improved to the level of Mu’er. I agreed to try.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded and said, “So it’s that. So, are you confident?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I’m really not. But I think that the Space would be able to improve the spirit. If we help the Dwarves, then they would surely think of us as true friends. When the time comes where we need to get in contact with the Elves, then they might lend us a helping hand.”</p>

  <p>Megan smiled and said, “That’s great. I really wanted to go and visit the Elves. I heard that all of them were extraordinarily attractive, and they were born artists. I wanted to see what they are like.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Rest assured, we will have the opportunity to do so. I think that the Dwarves are getting prepared right now. I told them to not disturb me this evening, I can’t just let them feel like I’ve done it quite easily.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy frowned, “But Big Brother Hai, does Mister Juno know?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “He knows, but it’s fine. With his relationship with the Dwarves, I don’t think that he would tell anyone. If he reveals Mu’er as well as the Dwarves’ Divine Artifact, then he would be offending the entire Dwarf Race, he wouldn’t want to do that. Also, even if other people knew about Mu’er, they still can’t do anything about it, given the Buda Clan’s present strength.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded, “Brother Hai is right. It’s much more important to help the Dwarves and make friends with them. I support Brother Hai’s decision.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy also nodded. Just like Zhao Hai said, even if the other people knew about Mu’er, how many of them would want to offend the Buda Clan? With the Buda Clan’s present strength, they aren’t afraid of anyone.</p>
</body>
</html>