<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 808: Taking the Great Demon King</h3>

  <p>Bang!</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King slammed his palm on the table, smashing it in the process. His two eyes were blood red as he puffed and said, “Mister, are you telling the truth? In the eyes of that immortal cultivator, we’re just a means to get faith power? We’re merely tools?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and didn’t say anything. Although Zhao Hai stayed silent, the Great Demon King understood, what Zhao Hai said was true.</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King’s face was pale. Their god was actually just using them to get this faith power. He was currently having a hard time comprehending it right now.</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King stood up, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Since mister knew about this, do you have any solutions?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, he moved his hand as the table and the glass fragments vanished. In its place was another table with two glasses, several small dishes and a wine pot. Then he invited the Great Demon King to take a drink.</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai, he stared for a moment before he laughed. He sat down and poured himself a glass of wine before drinking it. He smacked his lips for some time before he said, “Nice Wine. This is much better compared to the ones I drink.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly, then he said, “This liquor has only been made recently. If Your Majesty likes it, I can give you some.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King nodded but he didn’t say anything else. Although he looked calm, it was impossible for him to not feel anxious. He wanted to hear Zhao Hai’s plan to deal with the Immortal Cultivator.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t have the Great Demon King wait for a long time. He ate some dried beef before looking at the Great Demon King and said, “Your Majesty, you should have some understanding with regards to the Ark Continent. The continent is just a minor plane. In the past, no God-rank experts were allowed to stay here. Once an expert reaches God-rank, they would immediately ascend to the Divine Realm. It can be said that the Ark Continent was a subordinate plane to the Divine realm. Am I correct?”</p>

  <p>In order to deal with the Ark Continent, the Great Demon King had used a lot of methods in the past few years. This intelligence mission naturally didn’t fail. What Zhao Hai said was correct, and this was also the reason why the Demons decided to take the Ark Continent for themselves. The Ark Continent was a inferior plane compared to the Demon Realm, there should be no problems in conquering it.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai saw that the Great Demon King agreed, then he continued, “I found out from the soul of that Immortal Cultivator that the Demon Realm, the Divine Realm, the Ark Continent, and even the Underworld belong to a major plane. These minor planes can be seen as the rooms on a courtyard that is a major plane. We’re in the same courtyard, but in different rooms.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King nodded, when Zhao Hai told him about the immortal cultivator, he already had this guess. Zhao Hai only served to prove his suspicion.</p>

  <p>Then Zhao Hai said, “In our planes, the highest degree of cultivation is God-rank. Reaching Saint God would be very difficult, and it might even be possible that Saint Gods ascend to a higher realm. This higher realm might even be the immortal cultivator realm. If we manage to ascend to that world, then naturally we would start out as someone weaker than that immortal cultivator. No matter how angry we are, we still can’t do anything.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King kept silent. He knew that Zhao Hai was right. This was just like when ascended God-ranks from the Ark Continent become Demigods in the Divine Realm.</p>

  <p>And these Demigods could only be normal soldiers in the Divine Realm. In this manner, how could a newly ascended person from the Ark Continent get enough power? It was simply impossible.</p>

  <p>Then Zhao Hai continued, “Your Majesty. You should know that I have transferred the people of the Ark Continent. To tell you the truth, they were transferred to a unique place. And once I ascend to the immortal cultivation realm one day, all of the people from the Ark Continent would ascend along with me.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai had said so many things that had shocked the Great Demon King, he looked at Zhao Hai with perfectly round eyes as he said, “Are you lying?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Your Majesty, I wouldn’t dare. If you want, I can take you there.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King laughed and said, “You have the courage to get inside my chariot, so why wouldn’t I come with you? Let’s go.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled then he nodded and said, “Then I’ll ask Your Majesty to get ready. We’re going now.” Then he waved his hand as the two disappeared from the room.</p>

  <p>Actually, Zhao Hai’s original plan didn’t include taking the Demon King to the Space. He wanted to convince the Great Demon King that the Ark Continent wasn’t any good because of the Underworld. He would have the Great Demon King stop their plans to attack the Ark Continent so that he can deal wholeheartedly deal with the Divine Race.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai didn’t expect the Great Demon King to know something about Lu Wei. In the end, their discussion came to this. Zhao Hai always wanted to bring the Demons to the Space, however, it was just too far-fetched of an ambition. But when the Great Demon King opened up about Lu Wei, Zhao Hai decided to use this opportunity to win the Great Demon King over. This would be equivalent to convincing the entire Demon Race.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai brought the Great Demon King to the Space and took him for a tour. He wanted to relay how good the life of the people from the Ark Continent had been.</p>

  <p>They were currently inside the Ark Space, specifically, inside the Buddha Empire. The Great Demon King saw how the Buddha Empire looked like a ghost country back in the Ark Continent. But here, the situation was completely different. Every city had people inside, all of them were evidently happy with their current situation. It was a bustling scene.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and the Great Demon King were invisible so that nobody could see them.</p>

  <p>After their visit to the Ark Space, Zhao Hai brought the Great Demon King to an ordinary Space that nobody lived in. This place had mountains and flowing water. It had an environment not worse than the Ark Space.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai lead the Demon King to the place and toured the scenery. After looking around for some time, Zhao Hai turned to the Great Demon King and said, “Your Majesty, what do you think about this place?”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King was infatuated, “It’s very nice. Much much better compared to the Demon Realm. It would be great if the Demons could live in a place like this.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “As long as Your Majesty agrees, your people can move in..”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King stared, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, you mean?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai replied, “Your Majesty, to tell you the truth, this place is just like the Ark Space. It is my divergent ability. I can decide who I can let in and who can leave. If Your Majesty wants to settle the Demons here, then it would only be as simple as giving your approval. As long as you agree, then the Demons can live here.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King gawked, then his complexion sunk as he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “What are your conditions?”</p>

  <p>To be honest, the Great Demon King was completely captured by the Space. The Demon Realm’s environment was really terrible, anything even a bit better than it would be a blessing to the Demons.</p>

  <p>However, the Great Demon King also knew that Zhao Hai wouldn’t propose this if he didn’t have any conditions. He doesn’t believe that Zhao Hai was a saint. From the material that he had acquired, this Zhao Hai was a vicious and merciless character.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the Great Demon King and smiled, “I actually don’t have anything to ask you. Just like I said, I don’t have any deep hatred for the Demons. I can completely understand why the Demons wanted to invade the Ark Continent, you just want to live in a better place. Additionally, if you live here, then I would have one less enemy to worry about. As for the Divine Race army, they wouldn’t survive. I wouldn’t give them this opportunity, I want all of them to be turned into undead!”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King still didn’t believe Zhao Hai. Suddenly, he thought of something, he turned his head at Zhao Hai, and said, “Do you want to use us to gather faith power?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai laughed out loud, then he said, “Your Majesty, you overthink too much. Faith power? If I hadn’t met that immortal cultivator, I wouldn’t even know what it was. Even now I still couldn’t quite fathom what it is. If you arrive at the Space, I wouldn’t dare ask you to worship me.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King looked at Zhao Hai and said, he still wasn’t convinced, “So there’s no other condition?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “No other reason. Your Majesty can rest assured. You should have seen the life of the people from the Ark Continent. Did I force them to worship me? Did I make a church dedicated to me in their cities?”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King recalled and hadn’t seen any churches in the cities they visited. He couldn’t help but nod and said, “If you promise this, then the Demons will immediately move here.”</p>

  <p>This was Zhao Hai’s turn to be surprised. He looked confused at the Great Demon King, “Your Majesty, did you just agree? Why? Do you believe me?”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King smiled bitterly and said, “It’s not about whether I believe you or not. It’s about something you might not know. It’s about the Underworld.’</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, “Underworld? What’s wrong with the Underworld?”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King forced a smile, then he spoke……</p>
</body>
</html>