<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 602: Ice Pillar</h3>

  <p>Going back to the volcano and seeing the already deserted city, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile a little. Maybe the volcano would be just like the Northern Icefield. Once it’s secret is discovered, maybe it would be like this mountain city, just a piece of history.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s figure slowly flew up the mountain and went to the place beyond it. He then looked at the white icefield as well as the thirteen peaks. He couldn’t help but feel a sense of excitement welling up in his chest. He wanted to conquer this area, he must unearth the secrets that nobody had found out before!</p>

  <p>After thinking up to this point, Zhao Hai cannot help but face the skies and issued a long and loud cry. Then his figure moved and quickly flew towards the northern part of the icefield!</p>

  <p>While Zhao Hai helped Tess and the others settle down, he also wasn’t idling about. He also made Cai’er control the Blood Ghost Staff and map the entire Northern Icefield.</p>

  <p>The Northern Icefield was indeed very big, comparing it to the Beastman Prairie would not be an understatement. It might even be bigger. Actually, Zhao Hai didn’t know that the Northern Icefield wasn’t like this big before. The Icefield was just expanding at a very slow speed. It was because of this discovery that the Patriarch of the Diamond Apes decided to do an expedition to see what caused the expansion. They wanted to know why it continued to expand all this time, but who would’ve thought that they wouldn’t be able to survive their trip.</p>

  <p>The White Tigers, Polar Bears, and the Ice Hawks decided to guard the Icefield for the same reason. They wanted to prevent the Icefield’s expansion as much as possible.</p>

  <p>Since Zhao Hai didn’t know about this, so he only knew that the place was very big. Since the time Tess had decided to move, Cai’er was already controlling the Blood Ghost Staff to fly and map the Icefield. But even if the Space had already mapped a huge chunk and its speed of mapping was not slow, they still hadn’t found a single clue regarding the Beast God’s Spear.</p>

  <p>But Zhao Hai also didn’t worry about it. He was aware that in such a place, wanting to find ten thousand people was not an easy matter.</p>

  <p>In other places, ten thousand people might be a considerable number of people. But in this icy wilderness, that number had become insignificant. Moreover, there were countless roads that one can make in a place like this. So it was useless to find a direction. When one goes forward, it was difficult to know where one was heading. In such a place, who knows which direction the ten thousand Diamond Apes went.</p>

  <p>Because of this, Zhao Hai moved slowly forward and scanned the place carefully. He was afraid of missing a single thing.</p>

  <p>This kind of search was very boring. Zhao Hai couldn’t understand what the Patriarch of the Diamond Ape tribe was thinking. Did he think that looking for the core of the Northern Icefield was very easy?</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t think about it too much since he still needed to constantly go forward day by day. As long as he discovered an anomaly, he would immediately stop and see even if it was just a half buried stone. Zhao Hai didn’t want to miss a single thing.</p>

  <p>For ten days, Zhao Hai discovered practically nothing. This made him feel more pressure, the feeling in his heart had gone worse and worse.</p>

  <p>Laura and the others also discovered Zhao Hai’s bad mood. They kept using methods to make him happy every day. Although their methods were useful, they knew that unless Zhao Hai finds the Beast God’s Spear, these methods would just be temporary.</p>

  <p>As time and days pass by, Zhao Hai was also getting more and more agitated. But he had very good control of himself, so it was only his words that got fewer and fewer as well as the wrinkle in his brows getting tighter and tighter. When Laura and the others looked at this, their hearts couldn’t help but ache. Even if they want to help, there wasn’t anything that they can do.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai wasn’t in the Space most of the time anymore. He was currently on a small ship that he had made. His eyes were virtually stuck to the monitor.</p>

  <p>It has been 13 days since Tess and the others had settled down. But even after that time, no clue has been spotted. Zhao Hai slightly shut his eye, he was feeling very tired.</p>

  <p>He opened his eyes after some time, then he turned the monitor off. He knew that even if he didn’t look at it, Cai’er would inform him if something special had come up.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked outside through the pale red color of the airship. The outside world was pure white, but who would’ve thought that behind this white facade was actually endless murder. It won’t kill you from the beginning, but it will slowly suck you in and dissolve you into this white landscape, making you part of it forever.</p>

  <p>While Zhao Hai was thinking about this, a white light suddenly flashed from a distance. Although he has the Staff’s wall protecting him, Zhao Hai still couldn’t help but shut his eyes.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai cannot help but get surprised, he was not familiar with the Icefield. And one could hardly see any other colors inside. There was no change, everything is white, even the sunshine was white. Zhao Hai wanted to know where this glare that blinded him came from.</p>

  <p>After some time, Zhao Hai opened his eyes and proceeded to inspect the place carefully. It didn’t take a long time for him to discover that there was a sparkling thing in the distance. Not only was it dazzling, it also emitted seven types of color, it was very beautiful.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the object and couldn’t help but think about the toy prism that he had in his childhood life. The prism would take in light and disperse seven colors just like a rainbow.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai then saw that the object at the distance was a huge ice pillar, no wonder it can disperse seven colors. Zhao Hai stopped his thinking as he immediately urged the staff to fly towards it. He didn’t care about any other place at this point. He now wants to see what was going on in front of him.</p>

  <p>Before long, Zhao Hai was already getting closer and closer to the bright light to the point that the monitor can now pick it up. He immediately inspected the thing on the monitor and couldn’t help but get shocked. This was because what he just saw was an incredibly huge ice pillar!</p>

  <p>The thick ice pillar was just like Sun Wukong’s enlarged staff that was stabbed into the earth. It stood there as though it was connecting the sky and the ground.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared at this ice pillar, it looks like this pillar just appeared out of nowhere. There was nothing else all around it. It was as peculiar as seeing a huge tree in the Prairie.</p>

  <p>After some time, Zhao Hai recovered. Then he called over Laura and the others and had them look at this marvelous sight.</p>

  <p>After Laura and the others had come out, they were immediately attracted to the seven colored light in the distance. It took quite some time before they expressed their surprise. Then they shifted their gazes to the monitor to be shocked once more. This was the first time that they had seen such a thing.</p>

  <p>Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, what is that strange thing?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I don’t know, I just discovered it right now.” Then he enlarged the image on the monitor. He wanted to have a closer look to see if the ice pillar had anything.</p>

  <p>Then he noticed that there were several mounds below the ice pillar. These mounds were quite big, they were 10 meters tall and had about 30 meters in diameter.</p>

  <p>Below the pillar were about 12 mounds. Zhao Hai looked at the mounds carefully, he didn’t know the purpose of these things.</p>

  <p>At this time, brilliant rays suddenly went out of one of the mounds. An ice beast then appeared to be digging itself out. Right, it was an ice beast. The same ice beasts that attacked the Diamond Ape tribe.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai had also been looking for clues about the ice beasts in the past few days, but he had not succeeded. He didn’t expect to find traces of them in this place.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s expression couldn’t help but change since he had always felt that the ice beasts may have something to do with the Beast God’s Spear. If this was the case, then does the ice pillar have any clues about it?’</p>

  <p>After thinking about this, Zhao Hai immediately quickened his speed, he wanted to inspect the ice pillar as soon as possible. It didn’t take too long for the monitor to be able to penetrate inside the ice pillar. Zhao Hai stared intently at the screen, his heart was already beating loudly.</p>

  <p>The layers of ice looked just as hard as a copper wall. But Zhao Hai didn’t worry about it, he just calmly watched the monitor. He now noticed that the monitor’s distance to the ice was now closer compared to the ground.</p>

  <p>At this time, the ice suddenly vanished from his sight. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but get surprised at this development. He immediately stopped and looked around. Unexpectedly there was a space inside the ice pillar.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared blankly before he immediately had the Blood Ghost Staff move forward. He didn’t expect the pillar to have a hollow space inside.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai then discovered that the ice pillar was very thick, and the space inside it was also very enormous. Although the pillar can only be hardly seen in the icefield, one would discover how grand it was the closer one approaches it.</p>

  <p>The entire ice pillar was about 10 thousand meters in diameter, but its altitude would reach about 100 thousand. Such height was incredibly astonishing.</p>

  <p>The pillar’s wall was about several hundred meters thick and the space inside was very huge. This was the grandest place that Zhao Hai has ever been in.</p>

  <p>The more the staff advanced the more shocked ZHao Hai was at this incomparably huge ice pillar. Just as he was shocked, he suddenly found some black spots that had appeared on the monitor.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s eyes couldn’t help but turn sharp as he saw these black spots. With a pure environment such as this, these black spots were peculiarities that attracted his attention.</p>

  <p>One of these black spots was a Diamond Ape that was carrying a spear. Moreover, he also had his beast relative towering right behind him!</p>
</body>
</html>