<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 750: Another Prophecy</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai calmly walked into the Elves’ Royal Palace. Upon reaching the palace, the guards couldn’t help but look at him in confusion. This was the third time in two days that Zhao Hai came to see the Elves. They didn’t understand why Zhao Hai would come here this frequently. If a huge incident happened in the frontlines, then they should have already heard about it. However, there was no news, they couldn’t help but be puzzled by this.</p>

  <p>But they still didn’t dare to ask. This was because the Queen already gave an order to let Zhao Hai in if he ever came. Therefore, the guards politely guided Zhao Hai towards the Great Hall.</p>

  <p>The Queen and the Supreme Elders were currently waiting for any news from Zhao Hai. At this time, it would be impossible for the Supreme Elders to resume their cultivation. Their minds wouldn’t be able to calm down as long as the problem with the Tree of Life still persists.</p>

  <p>At this time, an elder opened his eyes and said, “He’s here.”</p>

  <p>The people in the Great Hall immediately stood up, anxiously looking at the doors of the Great Hall. Before long, Zhao Hai walked in. The Queen immediately waved her hand, making the guards exit the hall while she and the Elders went forward to welcome Zhao Hai. All of them were looking at him with hopeful expression.</p>

  <p>After seeing their expressions, Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Fortunately, I didn’t embarrass myself.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai, the Queen and the Supreme Elders couldn’t help but cheer. This matter has been weighing down on their minds the entire time.</p>

  <p>The Queen and the others immediately bowed to Zhao Hai. After seeing this, Zhao Hai immediately reacted, “Your Majesty, Elders, you are too polite. We’re allies, your problems are my problems. There’s no need for such gestures.”</p>

  <p>The Queen and the Elders immediately straightened themselves up. The Queen looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, although what you said is true. This gesture is something that you needed to receive. Mister doesn’t understand how important the Tree of Life is to the Elven Race. Mister’s help in reviving the Tree of Life is equal to saving our entire race. We would be impolite if we don’t express our gratitude.”</p>

  <p>Although the Elders didn’t say anything, each one of them were still looking at Zhao Hai with a grateful expression. Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Your Majesty, Elders, let’s head to the Tree of Life’s dwelling immediately. I can’t stay here for too long.”</p>

  <p>The Queen immediately replied, “Alright. Mister, follow me.” Then she led Zhao Hai and the Elders to the back of the Great Hall before she rode on a voiceless soundbird and flew directly to the Tree of Life’s cave.</p>

  <p>After arriving inside the cave, Zhao Hai didn’t hesitate as he placed the Tree of Life directly into the pool. Upon seeing that the tree was healthier than before, the Elves couldn’t help but cheer once more.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and then turned to the Queen, “Your Majesty, the Tree of Life wasn’t sick, but instead it was invaded by a massive amount of dark energy, causing it to slowly wither. I have used a secret method to remove the dark energies. I also used a potion to allow the Tree of Life to be immune to the damages caused by dark energy. However, you still need to pay attention. The Elf Forest isn’t something that would have that much dark element energy. This matter is very strange.”</p>

  <p>After the Queen and the Elders heard Zhao Hai, they couldn’t help but freeze. Then all of them looked at Zhao Hai as the Queen asked, “Mister, are you telling the truth? Was the Tree of Life really invaded by dark energy?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Right. I wouldn’t dare hide this information to Your Majesty. The Tree of Life was really invaded by dark energy, I’m quite assured of this point.”</p>

  <p>The Queen looked at the Elders while the Elders looked at one Elder. Then that Elder gave out a long breath as she said, “I didn’t think that this day would come.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare at the Elders. Seeing Zhao Hai’s confused expression, the Queen gave some context, “Mister, you don’t know this, but the Elves also had our own prophecy. However, our prophecy is different from the Dwarves. This prophecy was written during the time when the first page of our history was being made. However, this prophecy was sealed. Only during a certain encounter would it unlock itself.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared blankly, he didn’t expect that the Elves would have their own prophecy. As soon as he heard the Queen, he had a faint understanding of the matter. He turned to the Queen and said, “Your Majesty, you mean…?”</p>

  <p>The Elf Queen nodded, “Right, only when the Tree of Life gets invaded by dark energy would the prophecy unseal itself.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knit his brows and said, “But if I didn’t treat the Tree of Life, then how would you know that it has been invaded by Dark Energy?”</p>

  <p>The Queen replied, “It can still be found out, but it would take a longer time. When the nine leaves of the Tree of Life turn yellow and it starts to turn black, then it would mean that it has been invaded by dark energy. However, we didn’t manage to think about this line since we were too anxious when the leaves of the tree started to turn yellow. Fortunately, Mister has reminded us. Otherwise, we wouldn’t have found out that the dark energy inside the Tree of Life.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Can Your Majesty allow me to take a look at the prophecy?”</p>

  <p>The Queen turned to the Elders, all of them gave a nod. Then the Queen turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, come with me.” Then the group went out of the Tree of Life’s cave and then returned to the Great Hall.</p>

  <p>After arriving at the Great Hall, the Queen asked Zhao Hai to take a seat and wait for a moment. Then she went to a room and took out a small wooden box.</p>

  <p>The Queen placed the box on a table then gently opened it. What surprised Zhao Hai was the fact that there were no seals nor locks on this box. It looked very ordinary and was very easily opened.</p>

  <p>On the other hand, when the Elders saw how easily the Queen opened the box, their complexion couldn’t help but change.</p>

  <p>After seeing the expressions on the Elders’ face, Zhao Hai knew that something was going on. He looked at the similarly shocked Queen who quickly calmed herself as she looked at Zhao &#160;Hai, “Mister, in the past, this box wouldn’t open. We have thought of numerous methods for many years, but we haven’t succeeded. We just wanted to take a look at what the prophecy says. This is because the Tree of LIfe is just too important for our race. Even the previous God-ranked Elves were unable to open this box. And for generations, the Elf Queens would come over each month and try to open the box.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then the Queen turned to the Elders and said, “I tried to open it two days ago, but was still unable to do so. I didn’t expect that it would open now.”</p>

  <p>Then the Queen carefully opened the box under the stare of everyone in the Great Hall. Since the box still had a huge space inside it, everyone thought that it was empty. However, upon looking closely, everyone became relieved to see a piece of paper on the bottom of the box.</p>

  <p>There wasn’t anything wrong with the paper, there was no damage. One should know that this box has been with the Elves since time immemorial. If it was any other paper, it would have rotten a long time ago. However, this paper seemed flawless, it looked at good as new.</p>

  <p>The Queen gently took the paper out, revealing the green characters written inside. The Queen looked at the characters and couldn’t help but frown, then she handed the paper over to the closest Supreme Elder.</p>

  <p>That Supreme Elder received the paper and slowly read the characters. He couldn’t help but knit his brows as he read it out loud, “When the darkness and light become our enemies, when skeleton and steel fights, and when the heavens and the earth merged, the only person who could save the world will be the one who holds the pure land!”</p>

  <p>This prophecy was very short and not as straightforward as the Dwarves, making everyone frown. But when Zhao Hai heard the prophecy, his entire body couldn’t help but tremble. He couldn’t help but admire the person who left the prophecies to the Dwarves and the Elves.</p>

  <p>The Elves might not understand the entire prophecy, but Zhao Hai did. In this prophecy, the darkness should refer to the Demons while the light to the Divine Race. In other words, it was when the Demons and the Divine Race became the enemy of the continent. The skeleton and steel should pertain to the undead and the magic cannons. The merging of the heaven and earth should refer to the changing of the laws made by the Divine Race when they descended into the continent. At this time, the only person that can save them would be the one who holds the pure land.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai doesn’t need to think about the last part. The pure land can only mean one thing, the Space!</p>

  <p>Aside from the Space, Zhao Hai couldn’t think of any other place that can be called a pure land. Zhao Hai sighed and said, “I think this prophecy is describing the current situation in the Ark Continent. The darkness and light should be the Demons and the Divine Race. The skeletons and steel, to the undead and the magic cannons. But as for the pure land, I am still left unclear.”</p>

  <p>As soon as the Queen heard Zhao Hai, her eyes shone as she said, “Mister is too modest, I think the pure land can only refer to the Black Wasteland. At this time, the wasteland has become the safest place in the entire continent. It should fit the title of pure land. It seems like the prophecy is similar to the Dwarves. In other words, mister will be the continent’s savior!”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t think that the Queen would connect the Black Wasteland with the pure land. But it wasn’t that strange, after all, the Queen and the others were clueless about the Space. The only thing they were aware of was Zhao Hai’s ownership of the Black Wasteland.</p>

  <p>The Black Wasteland has become a shelter for everyone. Moreover, the Black Wasteland has given favorable conditions everybody no matter what race one was. For the Elves, the Black Wasteland can be titled as a pure land.</p>

  <p>However, was the prophecy this simple?</p>
</body>
</html>