<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 421: Doesn’t Need a Reason</h3>

  <p>Trezebo looked at Zhao Hai and said, “For mister to leave immediately, it seems like a really important matter. Can I do something to help?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “We’ll handle this matter ourselves. I just came to say my farewells to the City Lord before we leave.”</p>

  <p>Seeing Zhao Hai’s reaction, Trezebo decided that there was nothing he could do. So he just nodded and said, “Alright, then mister must go immediately. If there’s anything I can do, then don’t hesitate and tell me. Even if I’m busy, I’ll try my best to help.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled, “Very well, if the time comes, I won’t be polite. Well then, I’ll go take my leave.”</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai left the City Lord’s Mansion, Shue and Shun were already outside. The three immediately rode the carriage that Trezebo prepared and hurried towards the pier.</p>

  <p>After arriving at the pier, they immediately boarded the Haven. This was also just a way to let people see that they left Jade Water City using their ship.</p>

  <p>Shortly after they arrived at the Haven, Laura and the others also arrived. They told him that Mu’en was already informed. Zhao Hai left the five ships that they had stolen from the Markey Family behind Jade Water City.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t know, but after he left Jade Water City, Trezebo immediately asked his people to see what happened that made Zhao Hai very anxious to leave. At the same time, he also wrote a letter to Charlie.</p>

  <p>Trezebo knew how much importance Charlie had attached to Zhao Hai. After seeing Zhao Hai so anxious, Trezebo understood that he must have ran into a very thorny matter otherwise he wouldn’t be acting like this. This also made Trezebo very concerned.</p>

  <p>..</p>

  <p>At this time, Zhao Hai was sitting inside the cabin while looking at the monitor. He was very annoyed right now, he actually didn’t want to see Smith at this time. However, he didn’t expect the Calci Family to be very imposing. But reason told him that he needed to endure this time and go take a look at what Smith had planned.</p>

  <p>Laura and the others were also closely observing the monitor, in reality, they weren’t actually worried about the 9th rank experts of the Calci Family. They believed that with Zhao Wen and Cai’er, even if the other party came with three or four 9th ranks, they could still find ways to kill them. But the Calci Family cannot afford to send that many experts for just this matter, so naturally they wouldn’t send that much to deal with Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>But although they weren’t worried about their safety, they need to consider the impact this matter would bring. After all, they aren’t a huge power in the continent, they cannot provide anything that could threaten the Calci Family.</p>

  <p>The Blood Hawk was quick, after several hours, it finally arrived at Sky Water City. The city didn’t have a curfew, so the streets were still quite active even if it was already evening.</p>

  <p>Zhai Hai made the Blood Hawk place the Ghost Staff outside the city, then they immediately went there from the Space to proceed towards the City Lord’s Mansion. But Zhao Hai didn’t ride his eye-catching bull-pulled carriage. Instead, he released some horses from the Space and rode them towards the Mansion’s direction.</p>

  <p>At this time, Zhao Hai and the others already changed their clothes to those that ordinary warriors wore. Only Meg was different since she wore a Mage’s robe. When people saw them dressed like this, they could only assume that they were young nobles who went out to play, so they didn’t pay Zhao Hai’s group any more attention.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and the others arrived at Sky Water City’s Mansion quickly. The mansion looked just like what it did before. Zhao Hai sent the Blood Hawk to deliver his letter to Smith telling him that they would be waiting at the mansion’s side entrance.</p>

  <p>Sure enough, not long after the arrived, Phil opened the door to the mansion. Zhao Hai immediately jumped down from his horse and looked at Phil, “Uncle Phil, the matter has become very troublesome, how would Brother Smith deal with it?”</p>

  <p>Phil looked at Zhao Hai strangely, “The City Lord will tell you, please come inside.” Then he brought Zhao Hai and the others to the mansion’s living room.</p>

  <p>Smith was already waiting for Zhao Hai there, at the same time, he didn’t think that Zhao Hai would arrive this quickly. When he saw Zhao Hai outside the room, he immediately went and invited him in as Phil served them some tea. Smith looked at Zhao Hai and said, “I didn’t expect you to come this quickly. How did you do it?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai replied with a serious voice, “Before I answer, let’s talk first. How could the situation arrive here? Does the family really want me dead that they were even prepared to send a 9th rank expert after me?”</p>

  <p>Smith smiled bitterly, “I didn’t think that the family would respond like this as well. Unfortunately for them, they informed me.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Smith and said, “How are you planning to solve this problem? If you can’t, then we’ll do it my way.”</p>

  <p>Smith stared at Zhao Hai, he was puzzled, “Your way? Do you have a method to solve it?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s eyes flashed a cold light, “Killing the 9th rank they send out. Let’s see how many 9th ranks the family is prepared to lose in dealing with me.”</p>

  <p>Smith almost stood up, his eyes were set on Zhao Hai. He understood from Zhao Hai’s words that he had the power to kill 9th rank experts.</p>

  <p>This made Smith very surprised. &#160;9th rank experts aren’t people who were easy to please. Ordinary Clans wouldn’t even have a 9th rank to take care of them.</p>

  <p>Smith looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Are you sure? We’re talking about 9th ranks here, not 8th ranks.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai coldly snorted, “I’m speaking the truth. If the Calci Family were to send one 9th rank after me, he will definitely die. If they send two, they will die as well. To be frank, as long as they don’t send five 9th ranks, everything they send will just be exterminated. I can assure you that I will stay intact, but I cannot say the same for your Calci Family.”</p>

  <p>Smith stared, then his complexion turned ugly, “What? Are you threatening me?”</p>

  <p>Cold lights passed through Zhao Hai’s eyes, “You all want to take my life and I can’t even say threatening sentences? Are you afraid?”</p>

  <p>Smith looked at Zhao Hai and suddenly laughed, “Good, young man, your words are very good, hahaha. Alright, I’ll tell you my method.”</p>

  <p>Seeing that Zhao Hai was determined, Smith couldn’t help but calm down, “Looking at your appearance, you don’t really want to be enemies with our Calci Family. &#160;Am I right?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “I don’t want to. To be honest, I’m not afraid of the people from your family, I’m not actually afraid of your Calci Family. But I don’t want to get in trouble with the Rosen Empire. I have a lot of things in my hand, but they still needed to be turned into money to provide for what I need. Currently, other than the Rosen Empire, the influence of the Radiant Church is very strong in the continent. And since the church is my mortal enemy, doing business on other nations would be very difficult. This is the reason why I don’t want to get driven away from Rosen Empire. If there’s a way to avoid fighting with your Calci Family, then I would prefer that. If I have no means of getting money, then things would be very hard for me.”</p>

  <p>Smith nodded and said, “Looks like I guessed right. Then I’ll tell you my method. This wouldn’t only stop us from dealing with you, this will also make the family attach great importance to you and help you succeed.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, he was confused, he looked at Smith and said, “What is it?”</p>

  <p>Smith smiled faintly and said, “You getting engaged to Megan.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai froze, he looked at Smith with shock and said, “Are you cracking a joke? Megan? Are you crazy?”</p>

  <p>Smith shook his head, “I’m not. If you marry Megan, you’ll become someone on our side, and the family would support you. What do you think?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head, “This wouldn’t be good, Megan doesn’t like me. And we don’t have any emotional foundation. It’ll also be unfair to Megan, we can’t do this.”</p>

  <p>At this time, Megan’s voice was head, “Brother Zhao Hai, I already knew of this matter, and I agree. I like you as a person, I don’t want to see you in trouble. Most importantly, I don’t want to see you and my Calci Family in trouble with each other.”</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai followed the voice, he saw Megan. She was standing in front of the living room and calmly looked at Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Megan ang gave a smile, “Megan, why are you doing this? We have no feelings with each other. You don’t know much about me, this will be unfair to you.”</p>

  <p>Megan shook her head and said, “There’s no reason to like someone. There is also no such thing as unfair. I just came to like you, and I don’t know when it started. I know that we haven’t been interacting for long, and you don’t think much about me, but I still like you.”[1]</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled bitterly, he really didn’t know what to say. It was just like what Megan said, their meetings weren’t that long. Even if they were together, Zhao Hai didn’t seriously talk with Megan. He really didn’t know how such an ordinary, boring man like him managed to attract Megan.</p>

  <p>At this time, Laura smiled, she went towards Megan’s side and said, “Megan, fantastic! We can be sisters forever, right Meg?”</p>

  <p>Meg also smiled, “Yup, we’re going to be sisters later.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the two insane women, he was speechless. He didn’t know why even though they’re going to divide their husband, they were still happy.</p>

  <p>Smith looked at Zhao Hai and snorted, “Boy, you got it easy, I didn’t know you had such game. To actually dare snatch my daughter from me. But you should tell me about your identity. Who are you?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Smith. A soon as he heard how he was called, he couldn’t help but smile. It seems like he has to reveal his identity.</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">* * *</p>

  <p>cmonbruh</p>
</body>
</html>