<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 651: Startling the Mermaid Queen</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai wasn’t worried about the Beastmen and the Dwarves. He had fixed their Divine Artifact, making them grateful to him. Because of this, Zhao Hao told them his plans as soon as he can.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai was still in deep suspicion towards the Elves. He didn’t know if this was really their nature, or there was a hidden plot happening that made them delay the matter. Because of this, Zhao Hai plans to wait for their reaction. Zhao Hai wasn’t afraid that the Elves would tell the Dragons about his inquiries, after all, he was already unmatched in the whole of Ark Continent.</p>

  <p>As for the Fishmen, Zhao Hai didn’t worry about them at all. The Fishmen had great enmity with the Divine Race, which also transferred to the Dragon Clan and the Radiant Church. Zhao Hai was extremely comfortable with them being in his side.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai also knew how careful the Fishmen were. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have founded the Sea God’s Merchant Union in order to get news from the continent. And it was for certain that the Mermaids had already received the news about the Radiant Church and the Dragons. Zhao Hai wanted to see their response upon receiving this information.</p>

  <p>One must know that for these big races, there was no enmity that can’t be solved. Anything can happen in the name of benefit. If the Fishmen really did think that the Divine Race was powerful, then they may stop their alliance with Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>The Beastmen and the Dwarves have their own Divine Artifacts, so they already knew that their races were also hostile to the Radiant Church’s patrons. This made it impossible for them to side with the Radiant Church for benefit. Therefore, they sided with Zhao Hai to deal with the Radiant Church.</p>

  <p>On the other hand, the Fishmen might not know about the relationship between their Sea God and the Radiant Church in the Divine Realm. This was due to them not being in the records of the Dwarves during the past great war. Therefore, Zhao Hai had some doubts about their actions and wanted to see how they would respond when faced with the current situation.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai proceeded onward, he didn’t rush in the daytime and he rested properly during the night. At the same time, he was also paying attention to the situation on the continent through the Space. Now that Kun and the others were in possession of the Messenger Fishes, Zhao Hai was able to have a dialog with them in the past few days.</p>

  <p>What Zhao Hai didn’t expect was the fact that his popularity among the Fishmen had become quite high. In the eyes of the Fishmen, the conclusion of their recent rebellion was only reached due to Zhao Hai’s actions. So no matter which Fishman Tribe he meets, all of them were extremely hospitable towards Zhao Hai. They were quite polite and even brought him some gifts. At the same time, some of them even agreed to having a business cooperation with the Buda Clan.</p>

  <p>Although the Fishman Race were mostly self-sufficient, they still want to have other things. Of course, Zhao Hai didn’t decline these offerings. Almost every Fishman tribe can offer him with unique things to trade for, this made Zhao Hai very glad when forming his business partnerships.</p>

  <p>The Fishmen liked Human bottles, ironworks, wooden furnitures, cotton fabrics, and many more. Although things in the sea might get reduced by trading with Zhao Hai, it was still fine since Zhao Hai only needed common marine products. For the Fishmen, these things can basically be seen everywhere, there was no need for them to exert so much effort in acquiring them.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai certainly didn’t think that he would have this good of a reception among the Fishmen. One must know that Dark Mages in the continent never did have a good reputation. Those who were calm in front of Zhao Hai were only those who had come in contact with him face to face. As for the other people, all of them would be terrified by the mere mention of Zhao Hai’s name. After all, this was a person that can turn several hundred thousand people into undead.</p>

  <p>Three days later, Zhao Hai had finally arrived at Mermaid Island’s region. But when he arrived, he was actually stopped by a group of Swordfish tribesmen, it seems like they weren’t able to recognize Zhao Hai. However, Zhao Hai can also see that they didn’t come with unfavorable intention. So he went out of the Blade Scale Whale and gave a slight bow before saying, “Might I know why I am being blocked?” The leader of the Swordfish group immediately gave a salute to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, the Queen has something important to discuss with you. We ask mister to please head towards Mermaid Island.”</p>

  <p>When he heard this, Zhao Hai nodded and then said, “Can I know why Her Majesty is looking for me?’ Naturally, Zhao Hai knew why the Queen was looking for her, he was just asking for formality.</p>

  <p>The Swordfish tribesman shook his head and said, “I’ll be unfair to mister, but I really don’t know. Her Majesty didn’t tell us, she just gave instructions to invite you over to the island.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “Alright, then I’ll be troubling you to lead me there.” The Swordfishes immediately turned their mounts around and swam towards mermaid Island. Behind them, Zhao Hai urged the Blade Scale Whale to follow.</p>

  <p>The Blade Scale Whale wasn’t known for its speed, however, Zhao Hai’s Blade Scale Whale was a 9th rank undead. So how could it be any slower? It was able to comfortable keep up with the speed of the Swordfish group.</p>

  <p>This startled the people from the Swordfish tribe. They were famed for their speed, so how could Zhao Hai’s whale able to keep up with their speed, this was something unexpected.</p>

  <p>After advancing for two days, Zhao Hai had finally arrived at Mermaid Island. There were no changes in the island, the Whales were still in charge of guarding it. When they reached the island, the Swordfishes left Zhao Hai and handed the task of leading Zhao Hai over to the Whales.</p>

  <p>After entering the island, Zhao Hai stepped on the back of the turtles as he went to through the pillars and arriving in front of the Mermaid Palace.</p>

  <p>When he arrived at the Palace, Zhao Hai can already see Lola waiting for him. When she saw that Zhao Hai had come, Lola stepped forward and greeted him, “Mister, please come with me. Her Majesty is already waiting for you.” Zhao Hai nodded and then followed Lola towards the inner hall.</p>

  <p>The Queen was already in her throne when Zhao Hai came in. When she saw Zhao Hai, she couldn’t help but move. Her tail vanished and turned into feet, at the same time, her throne had turned into an ordinary chair.</p>

  <p>The Queen stood up and said, “Mister, have a seat.”</p>

  <p>Zhao hai gave a bow and replied, “Thank you, Your Majesty.” Then the group saw inside the hall.</p>

  <p>The Queen opened her mouth first “Mister, you’ve helped us greatly this time. The rebellion wouldn’t have ended this soon if not for your help.” Then she gave Zhao Hai a bow.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stood up to return the courtesy before he quickly said, “Your Majesty is too polite. It’s just a little effort, it’s not worth mentioning.”</p>

  <p>The Queen didn’t delay the matter as she looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, are you aware of the recent developments in the continent?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knew that the main topic had come. He didn’t hide anything from the Queen, so he nodded and said, “I do. The Dragons and the Radiant Church made their move and controlled two big Empires of the Continent. At this time, they should be stabilizing their rule over their subjects.”</p>

  <p>The Queen didn’t expect Zhao Hai to already be aware of the news. One should know that as soon as the Queen heard the news, she immediately sent people to look for Zhao Hai. He should be unaware of this news since he had always been in the sea. Zhao Hai already knowing this information gave the Queen an estimate of Zhao Hai’s resources.</p>

  <p>So she just nodded and said, “Right, its that. May I know what Mister thinks? Do we need to make a move?”</p>

  <p>When he head the Queen, Zhao Hai’s worries had completely vanished. He smiled faintly and said, “Your Majesty doesn’t need to worry much about this. I already have a plan.”</p>

  <p>The Queen stared, she was confused at what Zhao Hai meant, “What I just wanted to know is what plans Zhao Hai has already made.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I also need Her Majesty’s help for this plan. I’m prepared to deal with the Dragons, and I want Your Majesty to keep the Ocean Waves Dynasty away from supporting the Lyon Empire. As for the other things, leave everything to me.”</p>

  <p>The Queen thought for a moment before she nodded and said, “This isn’t difficult matter. However, is Mister confident with dealing with the Dragons? They’re title of invincibility isn’t without proof.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai just smiled faintly and said, “Your Majesty can rest assured, I have complete confidence in my strength. The reason why I still haven’t attacked them was because I needed to discuss the matter of the Ocean Waves Dynasty with Your Majesty. At the same time, I am also waiting for the response from the Elven Race. As long as information arrives, then I will immediately head to the Elven Forest. And after that, I will then go and deal with the Dragon Race.”</p>

  <p>The Queen stared for a moment before she nodded, “Alright, then we shall wait for mister’s word. When the time comes, we shall fully coordinate with you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gave a nod and said, “I’ll have to thank Your Majesty. Right, I also need Your Majesty to sign this.” Then he took out the beast skin scroll and handed it over to the Queen.</p>

  <p>When the Queen received the scroll and saw the marks of the Beastmen and the Dwarves, she didn’t hesitate and also marked the scroll with the Fishman Race’s unique mark.</p>

  <p>Then Zhao Hai took out a bottle of Messenger Fish and gave it to the Queen, “Your Highness, this is a Messenger Fish that I have specially bred. As long as Your Majesty has this fish, you can speak to it directly and I shall immediately hear your message.”</p>

  <p>The Queen received Zhao Hai’s Messenger Fish. Naturally, she was very familiar regarding these creatures. However, she didn’t think that Zhao Hai would also have them. Moreover, it seems like Zhao Hai’s breed was more advanced. This startled the Queen, the Mermaid Race had been religiously doing research on marine life. Because of this, they had more understanding with regards to beings of the sea than anyone in this world. The mere fact that Zhao Hai was able to produce a more advanced Messenger Fish made the Queen freeze from shock.</p>
</body>
</html>