<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 583: Raising One Level</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai has been cursing people a lot recently. He felt very incensed, Gods, Demons, two people who are on the opposite spectrum were pining to occupy the Ark Continent. They might even cooperate in order to deal with its inhabitants. How unfortunate was this situation? How could he be the male lead in this story!!</p>

  <p>When Juno heard Zhao Hai, he couldn’t help but coldly snort, “Little Hai, you don’t need to think that the people of the Divine Realm are good. Although a lot of Humans there are from the continent, from what Iron Hammer said, most of its inhabitants are native. Therefore, we don’t need to consider them as people from the Ark Continent.”</p>

  <p>Billy snorted as well, “These fellows really cannot be considered to be good. Little Hai, I hope you can develop ways to be God-ranked experts as soon as possible. Perhaps when that time comes, we would feel a lot better when outsiders decide to visit.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled bitterly, he knew that what Billy and Juno said was right. The God-ranked experts in the Divine Realm cannot be considered to be one of them.</p>

  <p>Juno then looked at Zhao Hai and sighed, “Alright, let’s not talk about these anymore. Let’s eat. After the meal, Little Hai can get his goods then we’ll take our leave.”</p>

  <p>Billy turned to Juno and said, “What? You’re already leaving? I thought that you would need to stay for a few days?”</p>

  <p>Juno forced a smile and said, “Forget it. I’ve already been away for too long. Also, I’ve managed to know a lot of things here. The things that are left for me to handle should be piled up right now.”</p>

  <p>Billy nodded, “Alright. Dealing with the invaders is the most important thing, I won’t be holding you back. Let’s eat and then let Little Hai get his goods. At the same time, I’ll also be handing over a letter to be given to the Beast King. If Little Hai gives that to the Beast King, the probability of him seeing the Beast God’s Spear should increase.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai understood what Billy was trying to do. Although Zhao Hai’s standing in the Prairie was already high, he was still a human that Beastmen wouldn’t generally trust, especially with the matter of their Beast God’s Spear. But if he had a letter from the Dwarves, in addition to the Elder’s command token, everything should go by smoothly.</p>

  <p>The three didn’t waste a single breath. After having their meal, they immediately proceeded to go outside. When Zhao Hai saw the display, he couldn’t help but stare blankly at it. On the ground were more than a hundred types of things. It included about 30 species of unique Magic Beasts, more than 50 types of plants, and more than a dozen kinds of ores. These ores were very rare in the continent, they might not have even seen the light of day before.</p>

  <p>However, these nuances aren’t important. What was important were the alive plants and animals. For Zhao Hai these things were too useful.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai wasn’t polite as he immediately received everything into the Space. A prompt was then heard, most of them about the plants and animals. But around the end, the ores were addressed as well. The ores were indeed rare and special. But because the quantity was too little, it would be impossible for them to be like Pure Iron, able to form their own lode inside the Space. However, the Space informed Zhao Hai that when those ores grow in a few years, each one of them would develop their own vein inside.</p>

  <p>Because of the Space’s recent upgrades, it had become possible for the ores to grow. In the past, if the amount of ore was this low, then it would be impossible for them to increase. For Zhao Hai, this development was very good news.</p>

  <p>But what made Zhao Hai very surprised was the fact that all of these things were able to increase the Space’s level by one. This made Zhao Hai gawk.</p>

  <p>With his understanding of the Space, it was impossible for these things to make it increase by one level. The current development truly gave him a surprise.</p>

  <p>However, after a moment of thinking, Zhao Hai had found the reason why this was such. It was possible that after the God’s Blood had been absorbed by the Space, increasing its level by three, there were still some energy left behind but was unable to raise the Space’s level. The recent pile was just the final push needed by the Space in order to level up.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t make a big deal out of it. Although the Space had increased by a level, he still needed two levels for something significant to happen. These two levels wouldn’t be very easy to get. He just hopes that the Beastmen had good things for him.</p>

  <p>After receiving these things, Zhao Hai and the others immediately went to the empty warehouse that has been prepared by the Dwarves beforehand. Actually, this warehouse was just a very huge cavern inside the mountain range. Moreover, this cavern was completely unused, so there won’t be any fear of any Dwarves stealing stuff that was inside.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai was finished inspecting the warehouse, the things that he needed to do in the Dwarf Mountains was now almost finished. Arranging Dwarves for the Black Wasteland would still need some time, it was already quite good that Billy was working on it.</p>

  <p>Upon finishing these two matters, the group immediately returned to Billy’s office. When they sat down, Billy turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, I’ve already set up some ironwares for you to bring, but it needs a day to collect. Are you alright with getting them tomorrow?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai thought for a moment, in any case he wasn’t really anxious in leaving, he nodded and said, “Alright, then I’ll wait until tomorrow before we leave.”</p>

  <p>Billy nodded, then he turned to his workplace and started to write a letter. Zhao Hai knew that Billy was writing the letter that was to be given to the Beast King, so he didn’t disturb him. Instead, he turned to Juno and whispered, “Patriarch Juno, after we leave tomorrow, I can only drop you off in your territory before heading to Golden Island. I still need to prepare for my visit to the Prairie, I’m afraid I won’t be able to stay for long.”</p>

  <p>Juno understood, he nodded and said, “That’s not a problem. Dealing with this matter is much more important. After all, we still have a lot of time in our hands in the future.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “Certainly there’ll be a chance. But there is one thing I’ll need your help with. Since my territory is far from the Ocean Waves Dynasty, I wouldn’t have a huge opportunity to observe it. It’s possible for the Dynasty to have already fallen to the Radiant Church’s hands. I’ll have to trouble you to keep your eyes on them.”</p>

  <p>Juno smiled and said, “No problem. We’ll handle this matter with care. If we have any information, we’ll pass it to Billy and have him place the letter along with the goods in the warehouse. This way, news arrives to you much quicker.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright. About the Gods and the Divine Realm’s matter, please refrain from telling anyone about it. We cannot afford to make a stir if this gets spread out. This would only bring us harm.”</p>

  <p>Juno nodded, “Rest assured, I understand the implications. I won’t tell anyone about it. Right, I’m planning to send some people over to Golden Island to do business, can you see to it that they are settled properly?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled, “That’s not an issue. I’ll go inform the island’s manager about this later. When your people arrive at the island, just tell the people in charge that you’re the Hurricane Family. They shall help you get settled in.”</p>

  <p>Juno patted Zhao Hai’s shoulder and said, “Thank you, Little Hai.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “You’re too polite. We’re now allies, so you’re absolutely welcome in my territory. Besides the people of my Buda Clan, only you and Patriarch Billy knew about my secret, even my father-in-law doesn’t now. You should also keep that secret from the others.”</p>

  <p>Juno gave a smile and said, “Rest assured, I’m not that neglectful. But I really didn’t expect that the poisonous fog in the Black Wasteland was your doing. Moreover, that poisonous gas can actually harm 9th ranks. No wonder nobody discovered your roots. With that place as a den, nobody would be able to guess it.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “There’s no other way. In the past, our Buda Clan was still very weak. If people found out that we’re still in the Black Wasteland, they might go and deal with us immediately. And although we have the strength right now, I still don’t want to restrict my freedom. There are too many greedy people in the continent. If they came to know the situation of my Buda Clan, then they might develop ideas and might turn their attention away from the Radiant Church. That would bring me a lot of troubles.”</p>

  <p>Juno smiled bitterly, he knew that what Zhao Hai said was true. Now that the matter with the Divine Realm must be kept in secret, the only thing that can shift people’s attention was the news that the Buda Clan was occupying the entirety of the Black Wasteland, and had made it possible to be cultivated. This news would definitely would cause a huge reaction. In the end, there would be a lot of eyes that would be turned towards the Buda Clan.</p>

  <p>The area of the Black Wasteland was too big, and it held a large amount of now arable land. This land of pure wealth would surely cause people to develop greedy thoughts.</p>

  <p>The reason why people of the continent were suppressing the Radiant Church was because the church had threatened their rule, posing a threat to their interests. If a huge piece of meat such as the wasteland suddenly appears in the continent, people would take their attention off of the Radiant Church, and then shift towards the Buda Clan.</p>

  <p>While they were talking, Billy had already finished writing the letter. He didn’t use paper for it, but instead processed skin of the Iron Beast. The Iron Beast had a lot of uses aside from it being a good material for leather armor. Because of this, the significance of the Iron Beast to the Dwarves was just like what the Argali was to the Beastmen.</p>

  <p>Billy rolled up the beastskin and then sealed it. He handed the letter over to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, take this letter to the Beast King. He should be able to recognize that the seal is from our Dwarf Race. I wrote everything about the Divine Artifacts here. I believe that after reading the letter, he should be able to agree to your request.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai received the letter and nodded, “Alright, I also think that he would agree. My relationship with him is very good, there shouldn’t be any more problems.”</p>
</body>
</html>