<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 999: Blood Energy!</h3>

  <p>Jiang Zheng nodded and said, “Yes, it’s possible that Three Saint City would have to go to war. We’ve already arranged for people to find out who wants to deal with us.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, do it. I’m afraid it might be the Dark Temple. But that would be good, I would like to see how strong they are.”</p>

  <p>Jiang Zheng shook his head and said, “The attackers aren’t necessarily from the Dark Temple. They could also be from the resistance army. Recently, a very powerful person appeared in the faction. He’s a Vampire King and he wants to unify the rebel forces, forming a nation and then dealing with the Dark Temple. However, most of the rebel forces disagrees. I heard that there has been several rebel-created cities that had already been occupied by this Vampire King.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t think that the rebel army wouldn’t actually be strongly united, there were even conflicts happening within. Things had just become more interesting.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Jiang Zheng and said, “Didn’t you say that there are only very few Vampire Kings? How come there’s one that appeared right now?”</p>

  <p>Jiang Zheng and Guli didn’t know what to say. They just smiled bitterly. Then after a moment, Jiang Zheng couldn’t help but reply, “Young Master, the rebel army has quite few powerful experts within. If we didn’t have that many powerful beings, then we would have already been flattened by the Dark Temple.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded. He was aware of Jiang Zheng, Guli, and Kampala’s strengths. At most, they have reached the Vampire Prince level, a worse position compared to the Vampire King. If they faced a Vampire King, then they would have to be really careful.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai also knew that the three were very strong. Even if they didn’t have any special weapons, with only their strengths, they were similar to the Foreign Race Supreme Elders who wore combat suits. And now, this Vampire King was stronger than them. One could see from this point how strong the Vampire King was.</p>

  <p>When he thought about this, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but get excited. It has been a long time since he had run into someone that might match him. In the Divine Realm, while fighting the Divine Supreme Elders, Zhao Hai wasn’t able to use his full strength. Because of this, Zhao Hai felt suffocated. In the end, he can only grind the other side to death.</p>

  <p>But now, things were different. Zhao Hai can use his full strength, and he wants to test it to see to what degree his strength has reached. To achieve this, he wasn’t planning to use the Hell King’s ship this time.</p>

  <p>Ever since he completed his study on the Myriad Stellar Transformation art, Zhai Hai’s strength has been constantly increasing. The increase wasn’t very fast, after all the art had a strong compressive force. Increasing his cultivation quickly like before was basically impossible.</p>

  <p>This was the Myriad Transformations Yin-Yang art’s weakness. However, Zhao Hai didn’t care, he believed that the art was a very formidable cultivation method.</p>

  <p>Jiang Zheng and Guli saw Zhao Hai’s excited appearance. But the two didn’t really know what Zhao Hai was thinking about. And then Guli said, “Young Master, if there’s really a fight, then what do we do?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai turned to look at the two and understood what Guli meant. At this time, they were no longer part of the Underworld, but were now in Zhao Hai’s faction. It wasn’t like before where they would have to fight against the Vampire King. They now have another choice, and that was to avoid fighting the Vampire King and leaving Three Saint City.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai thought about it and said, “We’ll prepare. We cannot give up on Three Saint City right now. If the other party really comes, then we would just meet them in battle.”</p>

  <p>When the two heard Zhao Hai, they quickly understood his stance. The two nodded before they left to prepare. Zhao Hai stayed inside the room. But this time, he wasn’t reading a book. He wanted to see how Jiang Zheng and Guli handled things How would they prepare against an approaching enemy?</p>

  <p>Soon enough, when Guli and Jiang Zheng returned to their towers, they immediately began to move. Teams of Skeletons and Zombies directly captured some undead. Zhao Hai was quite certain that those Undead were being suspected as being sent by the enemy.</p>

  <p>Sure enough, some of these Undead counter-attacked. However, the numbers made the difference, allowing them to be arrested. Besides those who were caught or killed, the other Undead didn’t get affected. There were even a lot of Undead standing on the side watching with excitement.</p>

  <p>After capturing these undead, Three Saint City’s gates closed. Then Zhao Hai felt that there was blood starting to flow below Jiang Zheng’s tower.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, then he remembered Jiang Zheng mentioning Blood Ponds. It seems like this was one of those Blood Ponds.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the blood-like liquid flowing out from under Jiang Zheng’s tower. Zhao Hai also began to discover that there were small engravings all throughout Three Saint City. The blood flowed along those engravings. Before long, a complicated pattern was made out of this blood as it flowed towards the city wall.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s figure moved as he appeared inside Jiang Zheng’s tower. Jiang Zheng was currently sitting on the topmost floor of his tower. In this room, there was an enormous Blood Pond, but the liquid inside this pond began to be slowly reduced.</p>

  <p>Juang Zheng felt that a person had appeared on his side. He turned his head to see Zhao Hai. Jiang Zheng immediately said, “Young Master.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Is this a Blood Pond? How could one be in such a high place?”</p>

  <p>Jiang Zheng replied, “Replying to the Young Master. This isn’t an ordinary Blood Pond, but it is a Blood Spring. It is the main reason why we constructed Three Saint City. In the Underworld, each Blood Pond is actually a Blood Spring. However, these blood springs cannot spurt as high as this one. Later on, Kampala built upon this pool. The entire Blood Spring became centralized here. Then there would be valves to let some blood out. When there’s no need to use a lot of blood, then a lot of these valves would be opened. But during war, when the magic formation needed blood, these valves would be closed. Then other valves would open so that the blood would enter the magic formation.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded. This method wasn’t difficult, but it wasn’t easy for Kampala to implement this design.</p>

  <p>While he thought about this, Zhao Hai said, “Is it fine if I take some of this blood away?”</p>

  <p>Jiang Zheng quickly replied, “Young Master can take it freely. Actually, this blood is very common in the Underworld. Our survival in the Underworld is actually because of two things. First is the Dark Mist, and the second is the Blood Pond.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he waved his hand as a clump of blood flew away from the Blood Pond. Then Zhao Hai sent that clump of blood to the Space.</p>

  <p>As the blood entered the Space, a prompt was immediately heard, “Strong yin element blood detected. This blood can provide a boost of energy to the Undead. At the same time, it has the ability to corrode the yang-element.”</p>

  <p>Although the prompt wasn’t long, Zhao Hai was still able to understand the properties. First, the blood’s attribute was yin. Second, it was a type of energy. And Third, the blood can be used by the Undead, providing them with an advantage against their enemies.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai could remember that the items in the Cultivation were primarily divided into yin and yang types. If a yang-type item was drenched with this blood, then it might be possible to make it useless.</p>

  <p>When he thought about this, Zhao Hai became glad. He didn’t think that the blood pond would have this much use. Then at this time, another prompt came, “Extracting the blood’s properties. All the Dark Creatures and Undead inside the place will now be able to use the blood spring.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gave a satisfied nod. He expected the Space to extract the properties of the blood. In the past, every material that was sent to the Space always had their properties extracted.</p>

  <p>Jiang Zheng observed Zhao Hai’s action, he didn’t understand why Zhao Hai needed to get the blood into the Space. But after seeing the satisfied smile in Zhao Hai’s face, he knew that Zhao Hai got something good from the blood. Then Jiang Zheng suddenly said, “Young Master, if you want, you can take more. After the blood fills the magic formation, the amount would be quickly restored.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “It’s fine, I just need a little bit for research. The rest can be provided by the Space. Right, those people you captured, are you confident that they’re spies?”</p>

  <p>Jiang Zheng nodded and said, “Yes, they’re all suspected spies. Now that they had been captured or killed, there wouldn’t be any troubles when the siege arrives.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded. There was no such thing as a legal proceeding in the Underworld. In Three Saint City, Jiang Zheng and the others’ words were practically law. If they want to deal with someone, then they wouldn’t need a reason to do so.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai said, “Did you kill those undead?”</p>

  <p>Jiang Zheng shook his head and said, “We didn’t, will they be useful to the Young Master?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Take them here and I’ll throw them to the Space. Then after they come under my control, we can ask them about who wants to deal with us.”</p>

  <p>Jiang Zheng stared, then he smiled before he made some orders. Before long, Skeleton and Zombie soldiers led the detained Undead in. Zhao Hai wasn’t polite as he threw them all into the Space. After they had been subdued by the Space, Zhao Hai took them back out.</p>

  <p>When these undead came out, they already belonged to Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai looked at the undead and said, “So you are the spies sent to the city, which group do you belong to?”</p>

  <p>Just as he said that, a Vampire quickly replied, “Vampire Count Eric has seen the Young Master. The undead present here aren’t all of us. There are still those who are hiding inside the city. We are Vampire King Addison’s subordinates.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he said, “You go lead the others to capture those who weren’t taken.” Eric nodded before he turned around and left. Jiang Zheng also directed the Zombies and Skeletons to help in the capture.</p>

  <p>When Eric left the tower, Jiang Zheng immediately turned his head to Zhao Hai and said, “Young Master, how about taking all of the Undead here into the Space, make them into your people?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t think about doing this. But as soon as Jiang Zheng brought it up, he began to contemplate on the idea.</p>

  <p>After careful thinking, Zhao Hai nodded and said, “It’s possible, but it will be troublesome. After all, these Undead have their own lives. If they are going to be captured now, they will certainly resist.”</p>

  <p>Jiang Zheng quickly replied, “Young Master, although it’ll cost us right now, as long as we bring those Undead into the Space, then our strength will be greatly increased. When the time comes, we wouldn’t need to be afraid of those who will attack us.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly, military strength was what he didn’t lack the most. Let alone this Undead City, even if it was an even bigger city, he still wouldn’t be moved. However, Jiang Zheng had good intentions, so Zhao Hai just nodded and said, “Alright, let’s do it. I will open spatial rifts in the City. You can send the other Undead through those rifts.”</p>

  <p>Jiang Zheng nodded and began to prepare. Zhao Hai made an intention in his mind as spatial rifts appeared everywhere in the city. At the same time, he also released a large number of his own Undead. Before long, fighting sounds could be heard inside Three Saint City. Zhao Hai didn’t care about this. With his Undead as well as the troops inside Three Saint City, taking those creatures into the Space wouldn’t be an issue.</p>

  <p>Jiang Zheng and Zhao Hai’s action was swift, everything was done within a day. All of the Undead inside Three Saint City has been captured. On the other hand, the magic formation of the entire city was still being irrigated by the Blood Spring.</p>

  <p>The captured Undead had been released back from the Space, but now they were under Zhao Hai’s command. Zhao Hai didn’t manage them and just passed the responsibility over to Jiang Zheng and Guli. However, he went to look for Eric in order to learn more about Vampire King Addison.</p>

  <p>But much to Zhao Hai’s disappointment, Eric hadn’t seen Addison before. This was because Eric’s rank was still quite low. He was a subordinate to a Vampire Prince, but his task was given to him by a Vampire Marquis. As for the other matters, Eric simply had no idea.</p>
</body>
</html>