<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1100: Ghost Mithril Ore!</h3>

  <p>Margaret and the others sighed. They couldn’t help but admit that they were unlucky this time. They couldn’t blame this matter on Sim. This was because there had been numerous times where the exams had mistakes in their investigation. This wasn’t the first time that the strength of the enemy had suddenly increased.&#160;</p>

  <p>Everyone rested for a day before they headed back to their own academies. Naturally, Zhao Hai and Margaret rode their own ship. The other academies had their own spaceships to take them home.</p>

  <p>After Zhao Hai returned to the ship, he immediately entered his room, closed the door, and didn’t make any sound. Margaret didn’t comment on this. In her mind, Zhao Hai was practicing. If he didn’t act like this, he wouldn’t have been this strong.</p>

  <p>However, she was wrong. Zhao Hai returned to his room and entered the Space. But this time, he didn’t cultivate.</p>

  <p>Upon entering the Space, Zhao Hai looked at Laura and said, “We need to take a look at that tunnel. It’s very weird to have that much beasts and malicious ghosts in one place. I want to see what they were there for.”</p>

  <p>Laura lightly frowned and said, “Brother Hai, why do you need to do this? Isn’t it just a little weird? It has nothing to do with us.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “You don’t need to worry about me. I just want to see if there are any treasures back there. Didn’t you see? Those ghosts and beasts seem to be guarding something. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have worked that well with each other.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Zhao Hai say treasure, Laura and the others immediately understood what he was saying. Ever since they arrived at the Machine Field, they understood that it would be difficult for them to live comfortably with their present strength. Not to mention that the Machine Field was one of the weaker powers in the World of Cultivation.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s current strength could be considered to be medium-grade in the Machine Field. Medium-grade experts might be one of the top people in the Machine Field, but they still wouldn’t be able to contend against mechas and battleships.</p>

  <p>If they wish for the Space to level-up, then they would need to seek treasures of the World of Cultivation. Otherwise, it would be very difficult for the Space to level up.</p>

  <p>Even if Laura and the others didn’t want Zhao Hai to take any risks, they also saw the ghosts and the beasts from the tunnel. At the same time, they could see that Zhao Hai didn’t have any problems dealing with them. With this thought in mind, Laura didn’t prevent Zhao Hai any longer as she nodded and said, “Alright. But Brother Hai, you need to be careful.”&#160;</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Rest assured, there wouldn’t be any problems.” Then his figure vanished. The next moment, he appeared back in the mining tunnel. Meanwhile, Laura and the others began to move and opened their computers. They divided the mine into sections and scoured through to see any peculiar things.</p>

  <p>This was what Laura and the others planned to do in order to give Zhao Hai help. They couldn’t go outside the Space and help Zhao Hai fight. This was the only way they could do in order to provide assistance.</p>

  <p>Their computers weren’t any ordinary computer. These were devices specially created by the Space. They had large screens like the Space’s monitor and were more convenient to use.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t just randomly teleport to a random place in the tunnel. He was currently inside the region that the malicious ghosts and the beasts used to occupy.</p>

  <p>The malicious ghosts and beasts didn’t nest in the center of the tunnel. Instead, they were based at the northern part. This also happened to be where the Adam Academy’s students were dropped off.</p>

  <p>Malicious ghosts and beasts usually never moved from their areas unless a problem occurred. They wouldn’t have made a move if they weren’t protecting something.</p>

  <p>When he appeared in the tunnel. Zhao Hai immediately released his spiritual force in order to scan the area for any dangers. Sure enough, he was able to discover something.</p>

  <p>The malicious ghosts and the beasts had just been cleared up. But there were already several weaker ghosts here!</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare at this discovery. Then he smiled and said, “Interesting, there already ghosts here. It seems like this place really isn’t normal. Laura, go take a closer look at the surrounding area.”</p>

  <p>Laura and the others complied and immediately carried on a careful examination of the nearby region. On the other hand, Zhao Hai released a five-fold light element magic, instantaneously killing the weak ghosts that had gathered.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai also released his own spiritual force in order to scan the surroundings.</p>

  <p>At this time, Meg’s voice was suddenly heard, “Young Master, I discovered a very high density of dark energy southeast of your location. The dark energy here is much thicker than the Underworld. Maybe it’s the place we’re looking for.” Zhao Hai nodded, then a map appeared in his head. The map marked the place that Meg mentioned. With a flash, Zhao Hai appeared in that place.</p>

  <p>Upon experiencing the density of dark energy, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare. It was very thick, much thicker than in the Underworld. What puzzled Zhao Hai was the fact that even though the dark energy was thick, it wasn’t black. Instead, it was actually silver in color.</p>

  <p>Dark energy generally manifested as black, this was common knowledge. However, the dark energy of this place didn’t follow this rule. This caused Zhao Hai to wonder.</p>

  <p>At this moment, a ring suddenly sounded inside Zhao Hai’s head. It seems like this ringing was Lizzy’s doing.</p>

  <p>Lizzy had also seen the place, what’s the point of this alarm? Zhao Hai quickly answered, “What happened?”</p>

  <p>Just as his voice fell, Lizzy said, “Big Brother Hai, a kilometer under you is a mithril vein. However, this vein looks very strange. They were all mithril ores, but they looked like ghosts. It’s weird. Wait a moment. Sister Laura and the others are looking for information about this ore online.”</p>

  <p>Just as Lizzy finished talking, Laura’s voice was heard, “Found it. Brother Hai, a kilometer under you is a ghost mithril ore vein. Ghost mithril is a special type of mineral in the World of Cultivation. It is a mithril ore that had dark energy mixed into it while it formed. It’s a dual-element material. It is mainly used to forge yin-type weapons, but it has a lot of other uses. Any realm in the World of Cultivation consider it as a treasure. Moreover, there’s a good possibility for ghost mithril essence to be born inside each ore vein. Surrounding the ghost mithril essence would be the best ghost mithril of the entire vein. If we can get them all, that would be equal to gaining a lot of ghost mithril weapons. This is something that experts in the World of Cultivation long to get hold of.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, then his two eyes shone and said, “Really? Fantastic. Right, what are mithril weapons used for?”</p>

  <p>Laura answered, “There aren’t that much uses for mithril weapons. This is because it isn’t known for its hardness. Instead, mithril is the best metal when it comes to conduction. Ghost mithril has a strong memory storage function. If Mages in the Machine Field use a weapon made with ghost mithril, then they could store their layered formations much easier. When the time comes, they would be able to release it all in one go. This will save a lot of time.”&#160;</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he said, “Good, then let’s go take a look.” Then Zhao Hai waved his hand, taking his blood ghost staff out. After he entered the blood lotus, it proceeded to drill below the ground.</p>

  <p>It didn’t take long before Zhao Hai drilled a kilometer down. What appeared in front of him caused his to be greatly surprised. He didn’t expect ghost mithril to look like this.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai could affirm that in front of him was a rich reserve of high-quality ore. There were pieces of silvery-white ores closely clumped together. Seen on these ores were different forms of ugly faces. All of them looked incomparably scary. Additionally, these ores projected a strong presence of dark energy. The strong gloomy dark energy perfectly matched the ugly faces on the ore. It would cause ordinary people to flee in terror.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai just smiled. He wasn’t actually afraid of these things. He moved his hand and immediately released large amounts of Undead in order to mine these ghost mithril ores.</p>

  <p>As the ghost mithril ore entered the Space, a prompt was heard, “Special mithril ore with dark energy detected.” Then there was no other sound. Zhao Hai expected the Space to say more. But it was just that.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t care and just had the Undead continue to mine the ores and had it sent to the Space. What he wanted to see right now was the ghost mithril essence.</p>

  <p>The Undead were connected to the Space by Cai’er. As long as they mine ghost mithril ore, the ore would be immediately sent to the Space. There was no need for Zhao Hai to open a rift. With this arrangement, the Undead moved very quickly.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai wasn’t in a hurry and just advanced bit by bit. Since he had already found this place, even if the ship arrived at the academy, he could still return from his room. At this time, Zhao Hai wanted Laura and the others to look for the ghost silver essence.</p>

  <p>Although ghost mithril essence was a little weak for Zhao Hai, it was still a treasure in the eyes of other people. Moreover, Zhao Hai had an idea. In the past, when he placed ore essences in the Space, it allowed the Space to produce the ores themselves. He wanted to see whether the ghost mithril essence would allow the Space to create ghost mithril ore!</p>
</body>
</html>