<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 815: Prepared</h3>

  <p>Although there was no way to trade with the crystals, Zhao Hai still regarded them as more important than either gold or silver.</p>

  <p>These crystals were too useful for Zhao Hai, especially now as he battled against the Divine Race. Because of this, Zhao Hai was more than happy to see his harvests in Inferno Island.</p>

  <p>At this time, his only use for the crystals was as ammunition for the magic cannons. But Zhao Hai believed that he would be able to find ways to use them for other things in the future.</p>

  <p>While Zhao Hai was inside the Space looking at his loot, he didn’t neglect his work outside. At this moment, the blood ghost staff was flying towards the Radiant Empire, this way, there would be no delays in his operation.</p>

  <p>At this time, Laura came. Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, what happened? We heard the prompts.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy and Megan were commanding the war against the Divine Race, so they couldn’t just leave. However, Laura had nothing significant to do, so when she heard the prompts, she immediately went to see Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I got a lot of good things. Take a look.” Then he turned to the page on the warehouse showing the amount of crystals that they currently had. Zhao Hai had a lot of things stored inside the Space’s warehouse, this caused the warehouse to have a lot of pages.</p>

  <p>However, it was great that the warehouse arranged the items inside according to the time it was stored. Because of this, those stored earlier appeared on the earlier pages while those recently stored appeared at the back.</p>

  <p>When Laura looked at the page, they were immediately surprised. River of earth fire, crystal stones, golden sand. Not to say about the river of earth fire and the golden sand, the amount of crystals alone was enough to stun anyone.</p>

  <p>Laura looked at the crystals and said, “So there’s classifications with crystals. Brother Hai, what kinds of crystals have we been using so far?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai forced a smile, “The low grade ones.” Then Laura looked at the 1 billion low grade crystals on the page, she was caught speechless.</p>

  <p>Then Zhao Hai said, “Besides the crystals, there are also the river of earth fire and the golden sand. At this point, I don’t know how to use them. I wanted to but it seems like the Space’s level isn’t high enough.”</p>

  <p>Laura stared at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, you really don’t know? The Space is already had a high level, yet it still can’t find a way?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai bitterly smiled and said, “Right, it’s still insufficient. But now we can buy ten magic backgrounds as well as 20 ordinary backgrounds. I think we should hold back in buying more, we’re still quite short on resources.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded, she knew what Zhao Hai meant. When Zhao Hai made the Ark Space, he had almost used up all of his money. Therefore, its quite unintuitive for them to buy more backgrounds.</p>

  <p>After closing the warehouse interface, Zhao Hai lead Laura back to the living room, while they were walking he said, “I’ve already absorbed everything there is to acquire in Inferno Island. We don’t need to return there in the future. Moreover, the crystals that we have in our hands is more than enough to deal with the Divine Race.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded, then Zhao Hai continued, “Most importantly, I acquired the heart of earth fire. I’ve placed it underground so that in the future we would be able to produce crystals for ourselves. There might also be more river of earth fire and golden sand for us to harvest.”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and said, “That’s good. Right, Brother Hai, if we sell those crystals to the Space I reckon they would fetch quite a price.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “Forget it. The Space will not take any losses. If we sell our crystals and end up wanting to use them in the future, then the Space would sell it to us with a higher price compared to when we sold it. In any case, our current resources are enough. There’s no need to sell the crystals.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded. As they were talking, they had already reached the living room. Lizzy and Megan were present inside, taking charge in fighting against the Divine Race. At this time, Lizzy was working while Megan rested on the side.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was aware that commanding a battle would be taxing to the brain. If one were to take charge over everything, then they would definitely be exhausted sooner or later. It was good that there were two of them, one could command while the other rests.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t disturb them and returned to his own room to look at the monitor. He estimated the time before they reach the Radiant Church.</p>

  <p>What Zhao Hai wasn’t aware of was the scene happening in the Ark Space. Besides the soldiers, most of these people had never witnessed a battle before. Even the soldiers present haven’t been in one with this large of a scale. They had battle against the Demons and the Divine Race, but participating in a siege of this big was something they haven’t done before.</p>

  <p>While looking at the battle, the population was burning with pride. One could hear people cheering and applauding here and there everytime the Divine Race gets repelled.</p>

  <p>However, there were also some people who looked at this scene with heavy expressions. This was because they can see how strong the Divine Race was. Although they had been repelled by the undead many times, those inquisitive enough could count that the Divine Race had been doing this for more than 40 times.</p>

  <p>They had failed forty times, and with heavy casualties in each attack. Nevertheless, the Divine Race still pushed on with the same tenacity as before.</p>

  <p>Although this was only a small thing, those in the know understood how fierce the Divine Race’s soldiers actually were.</p>

  <p>In the battlefield, the pressure of the fight had a large impact on the fighting strength of a soldier. Facing repetitive failures under unending attacks from the enemies, seeing your allies die in front of you, these weren’t something that an average soldier could bear.</p>

  <p>However, the Divine Race’s soldiers actually managed to harden their hearts. They seem to be unable to comprehend their losses. They still charged, time and time again. If they were faced with any other army, then they would’ve already broken through.</p>

  <p>Upon recognizing the quality of soldiers that the Divine Race had, these people couldn’t help but feel terrible.</p>

  <p>They initially thought that Zhao Hai was being extra when he made them move to the Space. Some of them even felt uncomfortable. After all, the Space belonged to Zhao Hai. His status inside this place was incomparably high. Even the Rosen Emperor was uncomfortable with this decision.</p>

  <p>They had seen the battle with the Demon Race. And now that they had witnessed the battle with the Divine race, their sense of unwillingness immediately vanished.</p>

  <p>The Divine Race was just too strong, they surpassed what these people imagined. The Rosen Emperor let out a long sigh. Randolph who stood beside him asked, “Your Majesty, what’s wrong?”</p>

  <p>The Rosen Emperor forced a smile and said, “I didn’t think the Divine Race would be this strong. No wonder Little Hai urged us to enter the Space. If we disagreed at that time, then I’m afraid we would be in grave danger.”</p>

  <p>Randolph nodded, he sighed and said, “I didn’t expect the Divine Race’s soldiers to be this aggressive.”</p>

  <p>Both of them made another sigh before turning around and returned to the Imperial Palace. They were people of status after all, they had a lot of things to do. They didn’t have the time to stay and watch everything.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was unaware of all of these since he was poised to attack the Radiant Empire. The magic staff had already arrived on the southeast side of the Radiant Empire, this was where Zhao Hai and the others thought to be the best place to stage their attack.</p>

  <p>The Radiant Empire’s southwest side was where the Divine Race’s descended land had landed on. Zhao Hai didn’t want to attack that new land for now, if he did, then it was possible that the Divine Race would send forces directly from the Divine Realm.</p>

  <p>Because of this, Zhao Hai decided to attack from the southeast then heading towards the northwest, diagonally sweeping the Radiant Empire. With this, he would avoid the new land while sweeping the most number of magic cannons and Goblins along the way.</p>

  <p>Since the battle on Accra Mountains was still underway, Zhao Hai took command of the undead this time. The undead he used were Barbarians and Winged Pegasus people. All in all, the army numbered to near 20 million.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t have these undead participate in the defense of Accra Mountain, This was because he had discovered how discontent the Barbarians and the Winged Pegasus were towards the Divine Race. If he dispatched these troops, then Zhao Hai’s hard work on bringing those two on his side would go to waste, it might even arouse anger in the two groups’ heart. If those two armies joined the Divine Race in attacking the Accra Mountains, then that would not be good.</p>
</body>
</html>