<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 429: Primary Interest</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai and the others headed towards the living room with Phil. They saw that Smith was already standing outside the door, so Zhao Hai gave a bow and said, “Uncle Smith”</p>

  <p>Because they still hadn’t married, and adding on to the customs of Great Nobles, Zhao Hai can only call him Uncle Smith right now.</p>

  <p>Smith nodded and said, “Alright, let’s enter the room and meet Megan’s Grandfather. Megan hurry up, your grandpa has already waiting for you for several days.”</p>

  <p>Megan nodded and ran into the room. Zhao Hai then went along with Smith as they slowly entered. When Zhao Hai entered the living room, he saw Megan sitting on an old man and acting like a spoiled brat.</p>

  <p>The man looked very old, having hair that was somewhat grayish white, but it was extremely well kept. He wore a stern face and most importantly, he had an imposing aura about him. Comparing this aura to Smith, one could see that he held a much higher standing than the City Lord.</p>

  <p>Smith turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, this is Megan’s Grandfather.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai immediately went forward and bowed, “Zhao Hai has seen Grandpa Patriarch.”</p>

  <p>Randolph nodded, then he looked at Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai was already experienced with this situation, so he just calmly stood there, returning Randolph’s gaze.</p>

  <p>Then with a deep voice, Randolph said, “Sit”. Zhao Hai complied and sat down. Randolph didn’t speak again, and just looked at Zhao Hai. However, Zhao Hai wasn’t in the mood for this right now, so he turned to Smith and said, “Uncle Smith, I have a matter to discuss with you today.”</p>

  <p>Smith stared at Zhao Hai and said, “What matter?”</p>

  <p>Then Zhao Hai told Smith about the Purcell Family’s situation, and then expressed his intention to provide help. Smith and Randolph both frowned while listening to Zhao Hai’s words. After waiting for Zhao Hai to finish, Smith looked at him and said, “Do you really want to help? Moreover, you will use the Buda Clan’s Banner?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “I do, and I’m capable of helping them. Moreover, the Purcell Family had given some grace to our Buda Clan. Even if the Purcell family is an established noble of the Aksu Empire, they still chose to give aid to my Clan.”</p>

  <p>Without even waiting for Smith to speak, Randolph opened his mouth and said, “You should go and help them. You would be using your undead right?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, and was confused as he stared at Randolph. When he entered the room, he could see that Randolph was somewhat upset with him. He knew the old man wasn’t very happy to speak to him. But he didn’t think that Randolph would actually support his decision.</p>

  <p>Randolph didn’t stare at Zhao Hai for a long time. He opened his mouth and continued, “Since there hadn’t been any major battles in the continent these past years, we Dark Mages barely had any opportunity to show our might. This made people forget about how formidable the undeads of our profession were. If you help the Purcell Family this time, you would surely need to use your undead, you could also make use of this situation to show the continent how fearful a Dark Mage was inside a battlefield. Therefore, not only do you need to endure, you should win, and make sure that it’s an overwhelming victory. You must express the might and power of a Dark Mage.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, but Smith said, “I’ve heard about this matter, I think the 200 thousand mercenaries are only used to deceive people. When other people see it, they would understand what’s going on. However, this matter was well thought out, from what I’ve got, the other side wasn’t very violent towards Casa City. I think they might have been waiting for you to appear. As long as you go, they would then immediately deal with you. You wouldn’t fare well if they send a 9th rank expert, are you really confident?”</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai heard Smith, he couldn’t help but stare. Then he asked, “The really came for me?”</p>

  <p>Smith nodded and said, “I’m not sure of it in the beginning, but now that you came, I think that this is the case. They don’t know your true identity, but they know of Zhao Hai the Dark Mage. And you as a Dark Mage seem to be secretly related to the Purcell Family. In addition to the time when you saved Ruyen some time ago, they reckoned that you will also help Casa City. Therefore, they decided to attack the Purcell Family in hopes that you would come, and then have an expert come and deal with you as well as the Purcell Family. As the matter stands, your enemy can stand to gain great things with this operation.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai frowned, “Southern King really has this much influence in Aksu Empire? I didn’t expect this, would the other nobles of the Aksu Empire just ignore it?”</p>

  <p>Smith shook his head and said, “It is very likely that Southern King had paid a hefty price so that the Great Nobles would choose to ignore this matter. But it is certain that Southern King cannot hold out for too long, and they would also keep the damages to a minimum. And similarly, they wouldn’t act against other people, only the Purcell Family and you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, and in a serious voice he said, “This is also good. This way, I can beat them once and make them unable to dare to come again. Rest assured, as long as they don’t send five 9th ranks, they will not be able to return from where they came from.”</p>

  <p>Hearing this, Smith knew that Zhao Hai wasn’t joking before. When Randolph heard Zhao Hai, his eyes couldn’t help but narrow.</p>

  <p>In the past they didn’t believe Zhao Hai’s words, since Zhao Hai said that he was from the Buda Clan, they knew that the demise of the Clan was in large part because of their lack of 9th rank experts. However, now, Zhao Hai actually said that they wouldn’t be able to return if they don’t send five 9th ranks. This meant that four 9th ranks wasn’t a match against this young man.</p>

  <p>One must know that in order to deal with four 9th ranks, one would generally need seven to eight 9th ranks to make sure. Otherwise, it would be impossible to entrap the other party. How could the Buda Clan have this much 9th ranks.</p>

  <p>However, now that Zhao Hai said this, they thought that maybe he wasn’t lying. Since Zhao Hai wanted to support the Purcell Family immediately, then if he wasn’t confident with dealing with 9th ranks, then there was no point in telling this.</p>

  <p>Smith looked at Zhao Hai and knew that he was already det on going, he just nodded and said, “When do you plan to leave?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai replied, “Right now. This time, Megan wouldn’t need to come with me, it’s too dangerous. We need to head out immediately, the Purcell Family couldn’t hold out for long.”</p>

  <p>Smith nodded and stared at Zhao Hai, “Do you need our family to send you support? In any case, you’re now engaged to Megan, this is also somewhat related to our Calci Family.”</p>

  <p>Randolph also nodded, “Since you became engaged to Megan, I don’t hope for you to get in danger. Boy, will you really go on your own?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Me alone is enough, Uncle Smith, Grandpa Patriarch, I’ll be taking my leave,” Then he gave a bow before heading out.</p>

  <p>At this time, Megan said, “Wait! Brother Hai, I’ll go with you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, then frowned, “Megan, it’s fine, we’re heading off to war. Although you wouldn’t be in relative danger, I think you wouldn’t be able to stomach the scene.”</p>

  <p>Smith and Randolph also frowned, “Right, Megan, you should stay at home. You can’t contribute anything if you go.”</p>

  <p>Megan actually shook her head and said, “No, I must go with Brother Hai. You must let me go.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Megan’s appearance and didn’t know what to do. At this time, Laura’s voice was heard, “Brother Hai, you should let Megan come. After all, she wouldn’t be in any danger.”</p>

  <p>Seeing the resoluteness in Megan’s face, to the point of shedding tears, Zhao Hai’s heart couldn’t help but soften and said, “Alright, you can come.”</p>

  <p>Smith’s complexion changed and said, “Little Hai, are you really confident? If Megan gets injured, I will never forgive you.” Smith also knew Megan’s disposition, although Megan didn’t have such a strong temperament normally, if she really decided to be stubborn, she wouldn’t listen to anybody.</p>

  <p>Randolph also knew Megan, therefore he could only frown at Zhao Hai right now. Seeing the two’s expressions Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Feel relieved, there won’t be any problems. When we come back and Megan lost a single hair on her head, then you can hold me accountable for my sins.”</p>

  <p>Smith turned to Megan and said, “Megan, what do you think? Do you really want to go?”</p>

  <p>Megan nodded with full effort, “Yes, I’ve decided.” Smith couldn’t help but sigh, it seems like his little girl really didn’t want to stay, so he could only agree, “Alright, you go. But remember that you’re not allowed to enter the battlefield.” Megan nodded.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the time and said, “It’s already quite late, we need to save time as much as possible. I’m afraid that the Purcell Family wouldn’t be able to wait for a long time.” Then he bid Smith and Randolph farewell once again before he headed towards the Mansion’s side gate.</p>

  <p>Phil had already arranged their mounts, then the group hastily left the City Lord’s Mansion. When they left the city, Zhao Hai gave a command to Cai’er, “Cai’er, go find an area in Stony Mountain where there is no one, we need an exit.” Cai’er complied and got to work.</p>

  <p>They already have a Transmission point at Stony Mountain. Originally, the place they could teleport to was only two kilometers around the point, which was the monitor’s range. But now, since the range had increased by five times, Cai’er could definitely find some place that was to Zhao Hai’s specifications.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knew that Southern King had started to form suspicions. He might have suspected Zhao Hai of having a magic tool that could teleport people. So he already sent some of his men to monitor Stony Mountain and see if Zhao Hai emerges from there, and if he did, it would confirm Boris’ suspicions. This would bring Zhao Hai a ton of trouble, and he didn’t want this right now.</p>

  <p>Since Cai’er already got into the task, she soon found a suitable place for Zhao Hai to exit. However, they only released a Blue Eyed rabbit to bring the Ghost Staff to survey the place before having it picked up by a Blood Hawk to deliver them straight into the Casa City.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s group appeared inside an unknown warehouse. This place had been bought by Green in the past. Now they could finally be put to good use. They immediately went out of the warehouse to contact Evan about how they would destroy the enemy.</p>
</body>
</html>