<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 861: Golden Saint Seiya? What in the world?!</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t look at who were the Divines using the Domain Weapons. Instead, he looked at the small formation plate in the hands of the old man. The plate looked extraordinarily pure. It had a yellow metallic sheen on its body, looking very beautiful.</p>

  <p>In just a glance, Zhao Hai knew that this plate wasn’t simple. Otherwise, these Domain Weapon experts wouldn’t have appeared. It was certain that they were escorting this old man. The formation plate actually had a function to hide these people.</p>

  <p>When the old man looked at Zhao Hai, his expression couldn’t help but shrink. Then the old man’s left hand gently patted the bull’s head. A round hole appeared on the head as the old man placed the formation plate in it. Then the round hole disappeared.</p>

  <p>The action was very subtle. But even though the old man was quite far from Zhao Hai, Zhao Hai can still see the moves made by the old man. He also saw how the metallic bull absorbed the formation plate into itself.</p>

  <p>After the old man settled the formation plate, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “You’re the first person who managed to cause this much damage in the Taurus Continent. That’s quite the achievement. However, you cannot just trample on the pride of the Taurus Divines. You need to die!”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the old man and he smiled faintly, “You want to take my life? Do you really think that your ultimate weapon and domain weapons are enough to threaten me? Stop dreaming. I’ll make you understand what true might is.” After Zhao Hai said this, the cannons of the Hell King’s ship started to aim at the Divines.</p>

  <p>The old man calmly looked at Zhao Hai. He didn’t believe that a few cannons would be able to make any damage. One couldn’t blame the old man for not being well-informed. Aside from Holy Light City, Zhao Hai didn’t use the cannons at any other place. At the same time, no Divine was able to escape their attacks. Therefore, the Divine Race weren’t aware of how powerful these cannons really were. In the eyes of the old man, these cannons wouldn’t be able to break the Domains experts.</p>

  <p>The same was true for the Domain Weapon Experts. They were peak existences in the continent. Normal Divines were already arrogant, they were even more so.</p>

  <p>Because of this carefree approach, they had given Zhao Hai an opportunity to deal a fatal blow. Although they saw the ship’s cannons being aimed at them, nobody moved. They wanted to show Zhao Hai how dominant they were.</p>

  <p>At this time, the ship’s cannons began to let out red lights. The next thing that happened can be described as a sword puncturing paper. The Domains of the experts were broken though immediately and each of them were vaporized. With no owner present, the Domain Weapons began to fall. But before they reached the ground, they vanished, taken into the Space by Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>After destroying each Domain Weapon expert, Zhao Hai looked at the old man and said, “You plan on relying on those people to take my life? Continue dreaming.” If this was before, the old man might not care. He would just think that Zhao Hai was being arrogant. But this time, the old man couldn’t help but be terrified.</p>

  <p>The old man can see a monster in the shape of Zhao Hai. He didn’t think that 20 Domain Weapon Experts would get vaporized just like that. Even if the old man used his own weapon, he wouldn’t be able to do the same. This was the first time that the old man had felt his heart shake.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the old man as his voice started to turn cold, “You’re telling me that we’re causing trouble in the Taurus Continent? Do you think that you have the right to say this? Who began this war? Who opened a spatial rift and changed the Ark Continent’s laws? Who sacrificed millions of my people? It’s you. You people are killers. Sooner or later, all debts shall be paid in full. Since you forced my hand, then you can only accept your fate. I actually want to thank you for giving me this many Domain Weapons and the ultimate weapon as well.”</p>

  <p>When the old man heard Zhao Hai, his expression couldn’t help but change. Although he still had a pale face, he snorted at Zhao Hai and said, “Don’t think that you will be able to deal with me after killing those Domain Weapon experts. I’ll make you understand the power of our ultimate weapon!” The the old person loudly shouted, “Transform!”</p>

  <p>And with his words, the metallic bull suddenly turned into a yellow light, wrapping the old man’s body. After the light vanished, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare blankly at the scene.</p>

  <p>In front of Zhao Hai was still the old man. But this time, he wasn’t riding a metallic bull. Instead, his body had a beautiful golden armor complete with a helm. Upon seeing this Zhao Hai couldn’t help but recall something from his memory, a Golden Saint from Saint Seiya![1]</p>

  <p>The armor worn by the old man was very similar to those worn by Gold Saints. But the armor still looked more gorgeous than the ones he saw back on Earth. The originally tall old man looked even more imposing with the armor on.</p>

  <p>The old man slowly opened his eyes as he coldly gazed at Zhao Hai. He had no expression in his eyes, he seemed just like a statue.</p>

  <p>Upon being swept by the old man’s stare, Zhao Hai recovered. Before he felt danger, Zhao Hai tapped his head and muttered, “What world is this? Why do things back in my old world keep appearing? Who can tell me what’s going on?”</p>

  <p>The old man didn’t care about Zhao Hai’s mutterings. He coldly stared at Zhao Hai and said, “Anyone who dares to insult the Taurus Divines shall be punished by god. You will die!”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the old man and then shook his head, “It’s useless. Although you are indeed more dangerous now, I can also feel that the toll on your body is quite high. You simply don’t have the requirements to fully utilize this armor. Now that you forced yourself, let’s see how long you can stay in this form.”</p>

  <p>The old man nodded at what Zhao Hai said, “That’s true. I can’t hold this form for a long time. However, it’s already enough to deal with you!” Then the old man rushed forward as he yelled, “Battle March!”</p>

  <p>A weak light came out from under the old man’s feet as he soared towards Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai’s face changed, he can feel that this charge was quite formidable. Therefore, he didn’t dare to ignore it as he whispered, “Waves!” After that, water started to spray from the ship before it turned into rough waves. They crashed together to block the incoming figure.</p>

  <p>Boom! The rough waves collided with the incoming charge. The rough waves dispersed the speed of the old man. Before long, the flashing image showed itself. It was a translucent bull charging straight towards the ship. The &#160;bull was more than ten meters high. It had huge pair of horns that certainly had powerful impact force.</p>

  <p>However, the property of Zhao Hai’s waves was sinister. Waves unceasingly crashed on the bull, reducing its charge by a degree each collision. The bull became slower and slower while also getting smaller as it hit each wave. Finally, it vanished into thin air.</p>

  <p>When the bull vanished, the waves returned to the Hell King’s ship. Although the collision looked simple, its effects had manifested in the surroundings. Everyone was shocked upon seeing the degree of the fight. There were some undead and some Divines who were reeled in by the collision turning all of them into piles of dust and mists of blood.</p>

  <p>The old man looked at Zhao Hai and said, “You really do have your means. But your luck has run out! Taurus Charge!” The old man wound his right arm around before punching forward. Another manifestation of a bull came out and charged towards the Hell King’s ship. Although it wasn’t as big as the translucent bull, one could see that it was more solid and much quicker.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai saw this move and immediately shrank the ship until it was only at the size of rice. At this point, Zhao Hai was standing in mid-air as he said, “Cleave!”</p>

  <p>The ship immediately rushed forward, reaching its maximum speed in an instant as it met with the approaching bull.</p>

  <p>The next scene can be described as a bull being stabbed by a sword. The bull immediately vanished, but the ship still kept going forward towards the old man.</p>

  <p>The old man’s face changed, then he quickly shouted, “Turning Bull!” Then he turned his body. At this time, an image of a lazy bull turning over can be seen. Although it looked very clumsy, it was actually able to affect the impact of the ship.</p>

  <p>Once the impact had passed, the old man immediately readied his fist as he shouted, “Eat this, Rampaging Bulls!”</p>

  <p>Then the old man continually threw one punch after another. He was using this opportunity to make a move since the ship still haven’t returned to Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>The old man threw more than a hundred fists in an instant. Each fist forming a bull as it charged forwards. Zhao Hai seemed to not care about this as he silently said, “Hundred Cannon Salvo!”</p>

  <p>As Zhao Hai said this, the Hell King’s ship suddenly appeared beside him. The ship didn’t increase its size but there were small cannons which projected red lights. The old man was quick to discover that although these lights were small, they still held their might regardless. Red and yellow lights continued to clash in the air causing quite a spectacle to those who were around.</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">* * *</p>

  <p><a href="https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/saintseiya/images/2/2a/Gold_Taurus_Aldebaran.jpeg/revision/latest?cb=20130521111326" rel="nofollow">https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/saintseiya/images/2/2a/Gold_Taurus_Aldebaran.jpeg/revision/latest?cb=20130521111326</a></p>
</body>
</html>