<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 603: Perverted Bubble</h3>

  <p>This ape has been frozen in ice that has not been melted in about thousands of years. The Beastman and the beast now looked like an ice sculpture.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stopped in mid air and stared at the frozen ape, Laura and the others did so as well. The Diamond Ape looked very peculiar. He wore a very simple sleeveless leather armor, there was no way to keep his arm from getting cold. Apart from the leather armor, the ape also wore a beastkin cloak. And on his hand was an iron spear.</p>

  <p>At the same time, the ape that was behind the Diamond Ape was much larger than the giant apes of the Diamond Ape tribe. It also appeared much sturdier. The ape has the eyes and expression of someone that was anticipating an attack. The two of the were like soldiers that were preparing for battle.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked blankly at this scene, he took a good long time in silence. Although the beast and person was already sealed for thousands of years, their imposing aura still remained. It was for certain that they were formidable soldiers when they were alive. Only elit warriors had this kind of fire in their expressions. They had an aura of someone who had gone through a mountain of corpses and a sea of blood. Their single step was enough to frighten a child.</p>

  <p>Laura and the others looked at the frozen person and beast with not so good expressions. Their faces had paled, noticeable frightened by the Diamond Ape and his beast.</p>

  <p>Before long, Zhao Hai recovered, he couldn’t help but laugh and said, “I guessed correctly! Thes ice beasts did indeed have something to do with the Beast God’s Spear! Hahaha. It seems like the Divine Artifact is in this ice pillar.”</p>

  <p>“Brother Hai, I’m a little scared.” While Zhao Hai was drowning in happiness, Laura’s shivering voice sounded out. Zhao Hai turned to Laura and saw that their faces were a bit pale, they were indeed quite frightened.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai immediately understood the matter and then said, “Alight, you go back to the Space first. I’ll go to the ice pillar myself and look for the Beast God’s Spear.”</p>

  <p>Laura and the others complied as Zhao Hai transferred them back to the Space. Zhao Hai didn’t expect that Laura and the others would be frightened by this.</p>

  <p>However, his thought changed as he understood the feelings of Laura and the others. Although they had experienced a lot of matters, they weren’t very familiar with a genuine battlefield. Most of the time, they were looking at the scene from the monitor, just like how someone looks at a movie in a television. But now, they were looking at an enlarged version of an image which was almost the same as the actual person. The aura of the beast and beastman was too overwhelming that it was not a mystery why Laura and the others were frightened.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gently shook his head, he didn’t care about this matter. After all, he didn’t want Laura and the others to go through this path in the future. They weren’t necessary in the battlefield, Zhao Hai was already enough.</p>

  <p>After Laura and the others entered the Space, Zhao Hai immediately flew forward. The more he went forward, the more Diamond Apes he had managed to come across. All of these Diamond Apes were the same as the first one. All the them had the same expression, leather armor, cloak, as well as iron spear. With their companion beast at their back, and their mouth roaring, they looked like an army that had declared their presence in the battlefield.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai slowly went forward. Although he couldn’t wait to get the Beast God’s Spear, he wasn’t worried much about that anymore. He knew that the pillar certainly had clues regarding the Beast God’s Spear. With the expressions of these people as well as the ice beasts, Zhao Hai knew that he had reached the core part of the icefield. Therefore, the more he proceeded forward, the more calm he became.</p>

  <p>After flying for quite some time, Zhao Hai found out that there were no more Diamond Apes in front of him, so he stopped again. He immediately narrowed the monitor to see that there was a neat square formation in front of him, composed of frozen Diamond Apes. And in front of the square stands one Diamond Ape.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai immediately focused the monitor on this man. He was very tall for a Diamond Ape, towering at about 3 meters. The ape that stood behind him was much more astonishing at a height of 15 meters. He was holding a spear in his hand, but it wasn’t pulled back. The iron spear was stabbed at something in the front.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai quickly discovered that the spear that was stabbed was quite unique. Zhao Hai reckoned that the Diamond Ape that wielded it must have been the Patriarch of the Diamond Ape tribe.</p>

  <p>But when Zhao Hai saw what was being stabbed, his eyes couldn’t help but narrow. It was not an animal, nor was it an ice beasts, it was actually a small pool!</p>

  <p>A small pool! Not a big pool. It’s diameter was about five meters, and seemed to be as deep as it was wide. The water in the pool was dark blue, much bluer than the sky. It’s color seems like it could penetrate into a person’s soul.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the poll in a daze. Suddenly, the water in the pool started shaking, and Zhao Hai also noticed that the Beast God’s Spear was similarly shaking. Following that, an ice beast suddenly jumped out of the pool. The ice beast seemed to be afraid of the Beast God’s Spear. When it saw the spear, it immediately ran away.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared at all of it as it happened. Until now, he was still unsure of the spear, but now he was certain that it was the Beast God’s Spear. It was because inside this place, except for the ice beasts as well as the pool, everything was frozen. Only the spear was not frozen in ice.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai understood that the pool must have been the true core of the entire Northern Icefield, and that the Beast God’s Spear has been suppressing it. But in fact, it didn’t manage to fully seal it, which explains the appearance of the ice beasts. The ice beasts didn’t know what to do, so they decided to just attack Tess and the others.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai saw it as a very interesting turn of events. The Patriarch of the Diamond Ape tribe suppressed the pool with the Beast God’s Spear which in turn causing it to spawn the ice beasts that were attacking the Diamond Ape tribe.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai let out a long breath as he smiled faintly. Then his figure moved as his actual body appeared inside the ice pullar.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was now standing right by the Diamond Apes and its Patriarch. He calmly looked at the spear that the Diamond Ape Patriarch was holding. It looked just like any ordinary spear, black, and had a ribbon wrapped around its shaft. Its tip was as red as blood.</p>

  <p>Then Zhao Hai felt the intense fighting intent of the spear, it was very frightening as it caused Zhao Hai to take deep breaths. Just as he was about to deal with the pool, he suddenly noticed the ice walls around him started to move.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai thought that it was just an ice beast. But when he looked at it, he suddenly froze. This wasn’t an ice beast, it was a person!</p>

  <p>No, it wasn’t exactly like a person, but an ice person, someone made entirely out of ice. These ice people were all in the forms of women. They wore court lady dresses and had fluttering dark blue belts. They looked like dancers with their attire and belt, it was very beautiful.</p>

  <p>The faces of these ice people were beautiful as well, but it didn’t show any expression. Their hairs were fashioned into an attractive swirl, something Zhao Hai had not seen before, but was still very beautiful.</p>

  <p>From what Zhao Hai can see, there were 12 women who appeared on the ice wall. All of their appearances were the same. Zhao Hai thought that they looked like the beautiful ancient ladies on television back on Earth. Their clothes and their expressions were very pure.</p>

  <p>At this time, the hands of the 12 women started to move towards Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai stared for a moment before his figure moved and disappeared from his location. Then he appeared right next to an ice man as he opened a spatial rift and absorbed her into the Space.</p>

  <p>When the iceman entered the Space, the Space immediately issued a prompt, “An Ice Fairy has been detected, detected to be hostile to the Space. Changing its internal programming. Change completed.”</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai heard the prompt, he immediately understood. This ice people were actually just like the stone golems. They can technically be called ice golems, but they weren’t as big.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai became serious and before long, he had absorbed the 12 ice people into the Space. After absorbing the icemen, Zhao Hai looked around in order to see if there are any other danger. When he didn’t discover anything else, he then went to the pool.</p>

  <p>The water in the pool fiercely moved, but the Beast God’s Spear kept stopping it completely.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at this scene and didn’t dare to be careless. He opened a spatial rift and then absorbed the entire violent pool into the Space. In a blink of an eye, the pool became completely empty.</p>

  <p>When the pool entered the Space, a prompt was then heard, “Massive amounts of water element energy detected. The energy is very hostile to the Space. Changing its program, change completed.”</p>

  <p>When the prompt finished, Zhao Hai’s body immediately flashed into the Space. Then he discovered that the Profound Ice pool that was already in the Space has become the pool in the ice pillar. Just as Zhao Hai had become curious, a bubble suddenly separated itself from the pool and then floated towards Zhao Hai. Then the bubble suddenly said, “This one has seen the Lord!”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t think that a bubble would be able to speak. At this time Cai’er arrived and said, “Young Master, I feel like this bubble is just the same as me.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Cai’er, he knew that Cai’er was a spirit that was born from the seven-colored flower. Was this bubble also a spirit that was born from the pool?</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai turned to the bubble and then said, “Don’t call me Lord, just call me Young Master. Are you the spirit of this pool?”</p>

  <p>The bubble replied, “I am indeed, Young Master. I’m the spirit of this pool. If the Young Master doesn’t want to call me spirit, I’m also called the Myriad Water.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai affirmed his speculation, then he referred to the 12 iceman and said, “Are these 12 icemen your creations?”</p>

  <p>The bubble replied, “Yes, Young Master. I don’t know when I appeared here, but when I awoke, I was already in that place. Then some people came and suppressed me. I couldn’t do anything and struggled. I was afraid and thought that those things might help. So I made those 12 people.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knew that the people that the bubble was referring to was the Beastmen. But he felt strange. The bubble didn’t know about the Beastmen, but yet he was able to make ice beasts. This was a bit too weird, so Zhao Hai immediately asked, “So you made those ice people? And what about those ice beasts?”</p>

  <p>Bubble replied, “I also don’t know. In any case, when I awoke, the figures of those ice people and ice beasts were already inside my mind. So I chose to make them. Young Master, don’t you think that those ice people are very beautiful?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, then his head felt very dizzy. Was this really the spirit of the Myriad Water? Why does it sound like a wretched old man? The words of bubble completely destroyed the image that Zhao Hai had of him in his mind.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but shake his head as he asked once more, “So you really don’t know anything? Where you come from? Then how did you know that you are the spirit of the Myriad Water?”</p>

  <p>The bubble replied, “I just knew that I am the spirit of the Myriad Water just as I woke up. That, and the images of the ice beasts and the ice people.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai went silent, he didn’t know how to proceed. This fellow does seem to have severe amnesia. He waved his hand and then said, “These ice men, can you receive them?”</p>

  <p>The bubble nodded and then said, “Naturally. After all, these things are made by me.” Then the 12 ice fairies turned into blue waters and then flowed into the pool, completely vanishing from sight.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai then turned his head to the bubble and said, “Starting today, you are called Bubble. Come with me, we’ll be heading out.” Then Zhao Hai took Bubble along with him out of the Space.</p>

  <p>When Bubble disappeared, the Beast God’s Spear seemed to look back to normal, Its intense fighting aura had disappeared, it had returned to its base state.</p>

  <p>Then with an intention, Zhao Hai received the Beast God’s Spear along with the Diamond Ape Patriarch and his giant ape. At this moment, a prompt was heard from the Space, “Item with weak spirit detected, strengthening the item’s spirit. Updating it’s program, update complete.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the spear and knew that it indeed had an Artifact Spirit. This was because the prompt that was just heard was the same as when Iron Hammer was sent to the Space. Zhao Hai was now thinking about what kind of Artifact Spirit this Beastman Divine Artifact had.</p>
</body>
</html>