<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 914: Maddened Divine Race</h3>

  <p>Naturally, Elder Star was able to hear those footsteps. Judging by the cadence on each step, it should be Gold Ben. Gold Ben was now a stray dog. His strength was inferior to Elder Star, and now he had become the Elder’s faithful subordinate. This was because Gold Ben knew that if there was someone that can help him take revenge in the Divine Realm, then it would be Elder Star.</p>

  <p>This didn’t pertain to Elder Star’s strength, instead it was because of his identity. Elder Star was the Supreme Elder of the Central Continent, he was a Supreme Elder that held more power compared to the other Supreme Elders. Because of this, the Supreme Elders have him as their center. If Gold Ben wanted to have his revenge, then he can only depend on Elder Star to organize the other Supreme Elders. Only Elder Star had this ability.</p>

  <p>Gold Ben was a decisive person. He was very willing to be Elder Star’s subordinate in order to make Elder Star move.</p>

  <p>Because of this, when Elder Star heard that it was Gold Ben, he went back to standing in the balcony. He thought that since Gold Ben has come, then Zhao Hai should have appeared.</p>

  <p>Gold Ben entered the room. When he saw Elder Star just posing there, he didn’t know whether he should laugh or cry. In the past, Gold Ben didn’t know about Elder Star’s temper since they didn’t have much contact. But now, Gold Ben discovered that Elder Star wanted to make poses in order to highlight his extraordinary points. Elder Star was doing that same thing right now.</p>

  <p>“I don’t know if he can still make a pose when he hears this news.” Gold Ben thought of this as he walked towards Elder Star.</p>

  <p>Elder Star didn’t wait for Gold Ben to open his mouth as he asked, “What happened? Did you find any traces of Zhao Hai?”</p>

  <p>Gold Ben nodded and said, “Yes, Zhao Hai has appeared. He attacked the Central Continent and ruined the Connecting Heaven Palace. The mountain was knocked down by his ship. From what I had heard, nobody from the palace survived.”</p>

  <p>Elder Star just stood there and quietly listened. Seeing little reaction from Elder Star, Gold Ben actually started to admire him.</p>

  <p>But at this moment, Elder Star turned around, fierce expression plastered on his face. He glared at Gold Ben and said, “What did you just say? Zhao Hai attacked what?”</p>

  <p>Gold Ben couldn’t help but scold his heart. He really thought that Elder Star had a good control over his emotions. As it turns out, he was just too stunned to respond.</p>

  <p>Although he had unspoken criticisms, Gold Ben repeated his report. Although it was already his second time hearing this, Elder Star stood there, looking at Gold Ben. Then Elder Star muttered, “This, how can this be possible? Didn’t the Connecting Heaven Palace have a Seven Star Heaven Lock disk? How can this happen?”</p>

  <p>Gold Ben shook his head and said, “At present, we still don’t know everything. But this matter has already been spread outside. We need to head to the Central Continent to have a look.”</p>

  <p>When Gold Ben said this, Elder Star looked at him and said, “Yes, you’re right. We have to go and have a look.” After that, Elder Star’s figure disappeared. Gold Ben saw Elder Star flying out of the balcony and headed directly towards the Central Continent.</p>

  <p>Gold Ben didn’t immediately follow Elder Star. Instead, he quickly went to inform the others. The other Supreme Elders couldn’t sit still too. Although Zhao Hai didn’t attack their continents, Connecting Heaven Palace was the pride of the Divine Race. They couldn’t just let Zhao Hai go after he destroyed it.</p>

  <p>The news didn’t only arrive at the Leo Continent. It didn’t take long before the entire Divine Realm got wind of what happened. When the Divines heard this, they couldn’t help but turn crazy.</p>

  <p>Those who’d gone mad first were the citizens of the Central Continent. They couldn’t believe it, someone actually dared to attack them. Moreover, under their gazes, their sacred palace was destroyed. This was without a doubt a slap on the face of the Central Continent. It would be strange if they didn’t go insane.</p>

  <p>However, the worse thing about this situation was the fact that the crazed residents of the Central Continent were left with no leader. The members of the Central Continent’s Imperial family lived in the palace. Now that they had been eliminated, the Central Continent became a headless dragon. Nobody had the authority to lead the angry mob of Central Divines. At the same time, their reason has already been burned by the anger that they felt.</p>

  <p>A person’s anger was a terrifying thing. This was especially true for people with great strength.</p>

  <p>With the Central Continent in its current state, the first to lose their reason were the capital city’s soldiers. They started to destroy everything around them and murder people. The entire capital city was soon plunged into chaos.</p>

  <p>After that, the entire Central Continent turned insane. When evening neared, the Central Continent had long lost its peace.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t expect the result to be this drastic. He just destroyed a structure in the Central Continent, yet the entire continent had gone to chaos.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai blankly stared at the monitor, dumbfounded at what was happening. Laura and the others had the same thought. This scene was far from their imagination.</p>

  <p>After some time, Zhao Hai turned to Laura and forced a smile, “It seems like we’ve stirred a hornet’s nest.”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled bitterly and said, “How can it turn into this? Can Brother Hai ask Bingya and the others?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and shook his head, “There’s no need to ask. Didn’t Bingya already tell us the answer? The ruined palace seems to be really important for the Divines. Otherwise, the the Divines wouldn’t have this much reaction. However, this result if good for us. If the Divines start to go mad at the Foreign Races, then wouldn’t that be great? What do you think?” Laura smiled and said, “That is truly good news. But to be honest, this has been too cruel to the Divines.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and said, “This situation isn’t about us being cruel to them. But them being cruel to us. Alright, no matter what, if Elder Star is really planning to make a move, then I think he would arrive very soon.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded and said, “I think Elder Star had also gone mad. He should already be heading here at the fastest speed. What do we do next?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Us? How about we pay a visit to the Leo Continent? If they come to the Central Continent, then we’ll go to the Leo Continent and make a mess there. The Leo Continent is also the best place to contact the foreign races.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded, “That is a good idea. But did the Leo Continent make any preparations? What are we going to do about that?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Then wouldn’t it be better if they were prepared? What do we need to fear? First we make a mess of the Leo Continent and then we see what kind of reaction the Divines would have.” Laura frowned and said, “With this current situation, the Divines would surely attack the Foreign Races. Maybe they’ll even attack the Thunder Clan and the others, or even eliminate the vassal races.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai just smiled and said, “They will certainly make a move on the Thunder Clan and the others. They know that those three clans are our earliest allies. If those three clans were to be in trouble, we certainly couldn’t just ignore it. Moreover, compared to the foreign races, the three clans are much easier to deal with.”</p>

  <p>Laura stared, then she nodded. But Lizzy frowned as she said, “If I’m a Divine, then I would deal with the vassal races first. Eliminating any disturbances behind.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Then it’s a pity that you’re not a Divine. This time, we had truly hit a sensitive nerve of the Divine Race. What they want to do right now is to deal with us. From what I can see, the vassal races had yet to make a result even after a few days. For the Divines, as long as we are dealt with, going for the vassal races would be very easy to do. I reckon they will come to us first.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy nodded, she thought that Zhao Hai was correct. These vassal races truly weren’t a big threat to the Divine Race. Even if the Divine Race army didn’t attack them, as long as a Supreme Elder was sent in, then the vassal races wouldn’t be able to resist.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai’s group was different. They had the strength to contend against ultimate weapons. In this case, Zhao Hai’s demise would need to be prioritized.</p>

  <p>It can be said that using ultimate weapons required a certain price to pay for the Supreme Elders. If they waste this opportunity and deal with the vassal races, then what would they do in order to face Zhao Hai? In this case, they can only wait for their deaths, and the end of the Divine Race. Because of this, the Divines would want to find Zhao Hai and compel him to a decisive battle.</p>

  <p>After thinking about this, Lizzy immediately said, “Big Brother Hai, I think we should tell Fei’er and the others about this as soon as possible. If they are unprepared, then their losses would be very big.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “We certainly need to inform them. However, the three clans won’t listen to us, there’s nothing much we can do. Forget it, let’s just have fate decide. I hope that after they eat some losses, they would come to trust me and agree to enter the Space.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy and the others smiled bitterly. They knew that this won’t be easy. The Thunder Clan and the others were very tenacious people. It was close to impossible for the the three clans to trust Zhao Hai completely. It would take quite the effort to have them move to the Space.</p>

  <p>But as the matter stands, the three clans &#160;would surely lose big after facing the Divines. This wasn’t something that Lizzy and the others wanted to see, this caused them to be in a dilemma.</p>

  <p>To be honest, Lizzy and the other didn’t intend to push the three clans to a corner when they attacked the central continent. This development was just not under their control.</p>
</body>
</html>