<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 465: A Brother’s Thoughts</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at their faces and smiled faintly, “Your Highness, don’t worry, I will certainly take care. If we continue to let him do these things, more and more families will be joining the Crown Prince’s side. And then your hope of getting the throne would get smaller and smaller. I just want those who follows the Crown Prince to know that they won’t be safe even if they are a millennium-old clan.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s words sounded crazy, it was something that he was intent on following through. Those who heard it would certainly feel shock, their hearts would be beating faster.</p>

  <p>But this reaction wasn’t an exaggeration. It was because the people who Zhao Hai wanted to deal with belonged to a millenium-old family. These families were held on being the most powerful forces in the continent. Even Royale Clans wouldn’t dare to offend these families. This was because there are only a few Royal Clans in the continent, while there are a lot of millenium-old clans.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai expressing his intent on waging war with a millennium family made the hearts of those who were present burn with anticipation. Charlie looked at Zhao Hai and laughed, “Good, Little Hai, getting hit and not retaliating isn’t your style. Good, good.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Your Highness, you don’t need to worry about this matter. What is most important for you right now is cleaning up your mansion. Otherwise, you wouldn’t be able to rest freely.”</p>

  <p>Charlie smiled, “Rest assured, nothing wrong will happen. But this wouldn’t be very simple to fix, however, since they are already exposed, I will slowly take care of these people.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “That’s good. Your Highness, it’s already quite late. I need to go back, I’m afraid that I won’t be able to return in the next few days. I’m too busy.”</p>

  <p>Charlie nodded and said, “Alright, we have no choice. But if you have some free time, don’t forget to come visit.” Zhao Hai nodded, then he stood up. Said his goodbyes to Lizzy and then proceeded to leave.</p>

  <p>Seeing that Zhao Hai was going to leave, Lizzy immediately stood up and looked at Zhao Hai, “Mister Zhao Hai, will I meet you at the imperial banquet?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t’t think that Lizzy would ask him about this. But he shook his head and said, “I don’t think so. With my status, I don’t have any qualifications to attend the banquet. Also, I really don’t like attending such gatherings.”</p>

  <p>Charlie stared profoundly at Zhao Hai. Then he smiled faintly and said, “If you want to participate, there will be no problem, I can just take you there myself. What do you think? Will you come?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Charlie and then to Lizzy, he still shook his head and said, “Consider this matter finished, I don’t know anyone there, I will just be bored. I also don’t like banquets.”</p>

  <p>Charlie nodded and said, “Alright, if you don’t want to go I won’t force you. You go back first, come back here if you have time.” Zhao Hai nodded, then he led Laura and the others to leave.</p>

  <p>Lizzy looked at Laura and the others who were following Zhao Hai, she couldn’t help but feel envy. Charlie looked at Lizzy’s expression, he sighed in his heart and murmured, “Little Hai is really too outstanding, it seems like he would have more wives in the future. He is the Buda Clan’s Patriarch, and his clan doesn’t have that much members. I’m certain that he will get many wives, to increase the family’s branches as much as possible.”</p>

  <p>Charlie said this intentionally because since Zhao Hai rescued Lizzy, Lizzy might hold a special sentiment towards Zhao Hai inside her heart. Charlie knew that if this sentiment were to evolve, it would turn into love. He said this because he wanted Lizzy to lose heart. Charlie was very clear about how much pride Lizzy held inside her heart. She will certainly not agree to marry someone who had other women.</p>

  <p>If Zhao Hai married before, then Lizzy wouldn’t have anything to say. However, if Zhao Hai wanted to marry others in the future, it was certain that Lizzy wouldn’t be able accept it. Charlie wanted Lizzy to understand that Zhao Hai will certainly have more wives in the future.</p>

  <p>When she heard Charlie’s words, Lizzy’s complexion changes slightly before quickly recovering. However, Charlie knew that his words were already received.</p>

  <p>Charlie didn’t say anything else on this topic, he turned to Lizzy and said, “Lizzy, now that Big Brother has already erased his consideration for us, you need to be more careful. Right, I really didn’t want this to happen, but Big Brother actually included you in his plots, I apologize deeply for this.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy shook her head and said, “No, Third Brother, this matter isn’t yours to blame. I just didn’t expect him to do such a thing. Third Brother, starting today, I will strongly support you.”</p>

  <p>Charlie smiled bitterly, “Forget it, the reason why father likes you is because you never cared about these things. If you participate, I’m afraid that you won’t be able to keep your current status. It’s alright, no need to worry about your Third Brother. Nobody bullies your Third Brother and lives comfortably later.”</p>

  <p>Lizzy stared at Charlie, she didn’t say anything more about this matter. She just gave a small salute before saying, “Third Brother, I will be heading back.” Then she turned around to leave.</p>

  <p>In Rosen Empire, after a Prince has grown up, then he must construct his own palace outside. This rule didn’t apply to princesses, they would be staying inside the Imperial Palace before getting married. If she was favored, the Emperor would bestow her a residence in the palace, allowing her to stay in the palace along with her husband. If you aren’t favored, the princess can only leave the palace to live with her husband.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai still wasn’t married. Lizzy wasn’t engaged as well, because of this, she still lived inside the Imperial Palace. Seeing Lizzy leave, Charlie couldn’t help but sigh. He pained for Lizzy’s well-being. She’s a kindhearted woman and sensible as well, but she was also a bit arrogant and would never put an average man in her eyes.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai saving her today certainly left a big impact. Moreover, Zhao Hai’s beautiful handling of the situation made Lizzy change her thoughts about him.</p>

  <p>The only issue about this was that Zhao Hai had already three fiancees, but it looks like it would be four. This is because Laura had Nier always right by her side. Due to this, Charlie cannot propose to Lizzy the matter of marrying Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>From Charlie’s point of view, Zhao Hai’s strength was worthy of Lizzy. If Zhao Hai didn’t have a lot of fiancees, then Charlie would be happy to see their marriage. In the end, he was an older brother who didn’t want someone to hurt his little sister. Charlie didn’t want to see her sister fighting with other women for the favor of his husband.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t think of any of these right now, he was currently sitting inside his carriage along with Laura and the others. Laura looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Brother Hai, how are planning to deal with Terry?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Bring the Robert Family down from their position as one of the top families in the continent. If they really wanted to deal with me, then I will exterminate them.”</p>

  <p>Laura nodded, then she said, “Brother Hai, so how are we going to do it?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked outside the window and then said, “Rest assured, no need to worry about it. I have already sent a Blood Hawk out, letting the Space map out the entire Rosen Empire. Then when we return, Megan, I will have to ask your family to map out all of the Robert Family’s businesses inside the Empire.”</p>

  <p>Megan nodded, to be honest, if Zhao Hai wanted to deal with the Robert Family before this day, she would certainly try her best to stop him. The Robert and Calci Families always had a good relationship from generation to generation. But what Terry did today was excessive, Zhao Hai wanting to make an action against the Robert Family was quite normal.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai then said, “Also, tell father and grandfather about what happened earlier. Make them prepare. If the Robert Family really wants to fight with us, then the Calci Family must be ready to take over the Robert Family’s businesses.</p>

  <p>Megan nodded and said, “Be careful Brother Hai. The Robert Family is a Millennium-old clan, they are not that easy to deal with.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and didn’t speak. Now that he has a plan, he certainly won’t make the Robert Family’s life any easier.</p>

  <p>His carriage immediately returned to Dark Soldier Fort. Because it was already late, except for the guards and the servants who worked the night shift, everybody has already rested. Zhao Hai didn’t want to disturb anyone, he went directly to his courtyard before going into the Space to rest.</p>

  <p>Tonight, Charlie invited the Calci Family to the banquet, but Randolph didn’t send anyone. This was to show the other people that the Calci Family wasn’t supporting Charlie yet. Zhao Hai and Charlie might be partners, but Zhao Hai’s matters have nothing to do with the Calci Family.</p>

  <p>Another reason was because Megan was already planning to attend. Although Megan was engaged to Zhao Hai, the two still weren’t married. Therefore, Megan can act on behalf of the Calci Family, making sure that Charlie didn’t get offended while not making other people misunderstand.</p>

  <p>The night went by without any issues. The next morning, Zhao Hai combed his hair and washed his face before having breakfast with the others. Just as he took a bite, Smith sent someone over to fetch him.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai also knew that Smith was already aware of yesterday’s matters. It seems like Smith still wanted to ask Zhao Hai about the details. Zhao Hai didn’t hesitate, he immediately went to the Rustling Tree Courtyard’s living room while being led by the servant. Smith wasn’t the only one present, Randolph came as well.</p>

  <p>After the group gave each other greetings, Randolph had Zhao Hai sit down before asking, “Little Hai, carefully tell us about yesterday’s matters.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he told Randolph what happened yesterday evening. Zhao Hai’s serious voice said, “This matter was certainly orchestrated by the cooperation between Terry and the Crown Prince. Moreover, I’m afraid that the Robert Family had already thrown their lot with the Crown Prince. Even if the Robert Family didn’t, then Terry certainly did.”</p>

  <p>After Randolph heard Zhao Hai, he couldn’t help but frown and said, “It certainly isn’t just Terry allying with the Crown Prince. It seems like this action was decided by the Robert Family itself. Terry is their successor, him going to the Crown Prince’s side without the approval of the family would be very strange.”</p>

  <p>Smith also nodded, “It seems to be like this. I didn’t think that the Robert Family would actually support the Crown Prince publicly. This is really a strange case. Father, do you think that we should fully support the Third Prince?”</p>
</body>
</html>