<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1212: Primal Universe Spirit Root</h3>

  <p>As the Cultivator died from the arrow through his throat, his face had an expression of utter disbelief. His face turned dark before he finally blacked out.</p>

  <p>Before the Cultivator’s body fell to the ground, Zhao Hai quickly let out a clump of black gas that wrapped the Cultivator’s body. Then when the black gas vanished, the Cultivator was nowhere in sight. He had already become an Undead in Zhao Hai’s army.</p>

  <p>Seeing that Zhao Hai had killed the Cultivator, Xiong Li and the others cheered. But at this moment, a person was suddenly seen flying in the distance. This person wasn’t far away, and he was also flying at full speed.</p>

  <p>Seeing this situation, Xiong Li and the others began to turn anxious. They quickly put up their guard, afraid that the person was an enemy.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai didn’t seem to be nervous. He said, “There’s no need to be afraid. It’s a team leader.” Just as his voice was heard, a person wearing Mage Robes appeared in front of them.</p>

  <p>This person didn’t waste any time as he said, “Quickly follow me. You just killed a core disciple of the Seamount Faction. He’s one of the participants in the Six Realm Beginner Competition. When the Seamount Faction knew about this situation, they quickly sent over reinforcements.” It was clear that this team leader took a route that was different than the Seamount Faction’s.</p>

  <p>As soon as they heard this, Zhao Hai and the others stared for a moment before nodding and then following behind the team leader.</p>

  <p>A short while after Zhao Hai and the others left, a group of people arrived at the scene of battle. The leader of the group was the head of the Seamount Faction. He glanced around and said, “I can sense the breath of the kid here. Him and another person fought here. It seems like his murderous scheme has been overturned.”&#160;</p>

  <p>Then an Elder at his side said, “This is impossible. The last time I saw the kid, he was with those bumpkins from the Machine Field. They killed that kid? How is that possible?”</p>

  <p>The head sighed and said, “It looks like we underestimated the strength of the Machine Field. Machine Field’s Zhao Hai can block Li Chuche’s three swords, so he’s quite strong. Compared to Li Chuchen, our candidate is still far off. Four years of our effort has been wasted.”&#160;</p>

  <p>The Elder coldly snorted and said, “Sect Leader, we should immediately look for the Machine Field’s people and have them hand over Zhao Hai. If they don’t, we can just clean them up.”</p>

  <p>The Sect Leader shook his head and said, “It’s useless. The Machine Field would never hand someone over. They didn’t even take us seriously during the last fight. They don’t fear the Seamount Faction, they were just on guard against the huge sects behind us. Now that the people from the other sects had left, the Machine Field’s people will certainly deal with us if we go there. You think those great sects would support the Seamount Faction if the Machine Field attacks? That’s impossible. Those great sects are ruthless. They wouldn’t care about a small sect like ours.”</p>

  <p>The Elder was silent. He knew that the Sect Leader was telling the truth. In the eyes of those huge sects, the Seamount Faction was just a small sect controlling a small city. They were simply ants in their eyes. Even if these sects look at the Seamount Faction, it was only times where they would issue orders. And even then, those sects might not remember their names.&#160;</p>

  <p>The leader sighed and said, “People from the Machine Field can be complete lunatics. Don’t think that the Machine Field are pushovers since they could be easily overwhelmed by the sects. You should take into account how much effort it needs to deal with them. If the Machine Field was truly provoked, then their assassins would be a headache to deal with. Compared to the Machine Field, the Seamount Faction is still lacking. Also, we don’t want to take part in these troubled waters. Let’s give up on the Six Realm Beginner Competition this time. At worst, we will have no benefits for five years. If we provoked the Machine Field, then we wouldn’t even survive for five years.” The elders sighed and said, “The Machine Field will now be attaching more importance to Zhao Hai. If we dealt with him, then the Machine Field would certainly go all out against us.”</p>

  <p>The leader nodded, then he said, “Let’s head back. We’re just unlucky this time. Now I want to see how far this Zhao Hai can go in the competition.”&#160;</p>

  <p>At this time, Zhao Hai and the others had already returned to their courtyard. Just as they arrived, Ma Rulong immediately found them. Upon seeing Zhao Hai and the others return, Ma Rulong couldn’t help but let out a sigh of relief. Then his expression returned to its cold state as he nodded towards Zhao Hai and said, “Let’s talk inside.” Then he turned and walked towards Zhao Hai’s room.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and the others immediately followed behind. As soon as they entered the room, Ma Rulong suddenly laughed. This caused Zhao Hai and the others to feel awkward. After some time, Ma Rulong calmed down and then he patted Zhao Hai’s shoulder and said, “Zhao Hai, good job, good job. You’re really giving the Machine Field face. You actually killed a core member of the Seamount Faction. He’s one of the top 100 of the realm qualifiers, Gongsun Zheng. Hahaha. Good, this is great!”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and the others were stunned. They remembered that they knew nothing about their opponent. But it seems like Ma Rulong was aware.</p>

  <p>Ma Rulong looked at Zhao Hai and the others. Then he smiled and said, “When you went out, I had some people follow you. You’re now the treasure of the Machine Field, so I can’t have anything happen to you. When Gongsun Zheng began to provoke you, the team leader responsible for guarding you was going to make an attack, but he didn’t do it in the end. I really didn’t expect you to be strong enough to kill him. We’ve been collecting information about the other top 100 participants from the other realms. Once it’s completed, we can let you take a look. But in the meantime, you should go and take a break.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai only knew that Ma Rulong was sending someone to follow him. However, he didn’t know that Ma Rulong was also collecting information. It seems like there were still a lot of secrets that the Machine Field held here in the Cultivation Realm.</p>

  <p>Once Ma Rulong left, Zhao Hai chuckled and said, “I didn’t expect the person I killed is someone from the Seamount Faction. Hahaha. Interesting.”</p>

  <p>Xiong Li and the others looked at Zhao Hai as though he was a monster. After a while, Xiong Li sighed and said, “It seems like Zhao Hai will definitely get a high rank in the Six Realm Beginner Competition. He actually killed a top 100 participant from the Cultivation Realm.” Dongfang Yu and the others nodded. If they weren’t clear about Zhao Hai’s strength before, this time they really understood Zhao Hai’s strength.</p>

  <p>The top 100 of the Cultivation World always held the dominant positions in the Six Realm Beginner Competition. One day they might just be the top 100 of the Cultivation Realm’s qualifiers, but once the Six Realm Beginner Competition ends, it’s very possible that the same 100 would take the top 100 spots.</p>

  <p>And now, Zhao Hai managed to kill one of the top 100 beginners in the Cultivation Realm. What does this mean? In other words, Zhao Hai has the strength to become top 100 in the Six Realm Beginner Competition!</p>

  <p>Upon thinking about this, Xiong Li and the others couldn’t help but be happy for Zhao Hai as well as the Machine Field. The Machine Field has been suppressed by the Cultivation Realm for a long time. Now, Zhao Hai was here to vent some of the Machine Field’s anger. Xiong Li couldn’t help but feel excited.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “My goal this time isn’t as simple as being in the top 100. I’m here to challenge the authority of the Cultivation Realm. I want to let the Cultivators know that the Machine Field can be as strong as any of them.”</p>

  <p>Xiong Li and the others simultaneously shouted ‘good’. Then Li Kuangren laughed and said, “Today is worth celebrating. Little Hai, do you still have some wine? I’ll be sad if I can’t drink today.” Zhao Hai and the others laughed. Then a few jars of wine appeared in the room. Xiong Li and the others’ eyes widened. Then they picked up the jars and headed out. Zhao Hai followed behind them as they sat in the stone chairs outside. Then he took out some side dishes from the Space. The group proceeded to drink merrily much to the envy of everyone else in the courtyard.</p>

  <p>After becoming drunk, Zhao Hai and the others returned to their own room. Zhao Hai immediately went to the Space and drank some spatial water. Then he took out the small tree that he just obtained earlier.</p>

  <p>Just as Zhao Hai took out the small tree, the Space immediately issued a prompt, “Primal Universe Spirit Root detected. The Space has leveled up to 180. The concentration of spiritual qi inside the Space has been increased by 100%. Plants in the Space has been increased by ten levels. Time accelerated area has increased tenfold. The time accelerated has been upgraded by 100 times. Host now has the ability to purchase high-level cultivation backgrounds, high-level technology backgrounds, and high-level magic backgrounds. Space has evolved into a small universe. All backgrounds purchased by the host has now been turned into individual planets. The speed of spirit vein generation in the Space has been increased by tenfold. All ores inside the Space can now be transformed into veins with the ability to grow autonomously. Level of the Universal Processing Machine becomes advanced. Level of the Universal Scanner becomes advanced. Host’s abilities have been increased by ten times. Magic beasts in the Space increased by ten levels, they are now officially Demonic Beasts!”</p>

  <p>Everyone turned silent, not only Zhao Hai, but Laura and the others as well. The Space just crazily leveled up. It rose my several levels. Moreover, everything inside the Space has been upgraded. All of these was far from what Zhao Hai expected.</p>

  <p>The Space levelled up by several tens of times. In the past, Zhao Hai didn’t experience this even at the early stages of the Space. At that time, although it was very easy for the Space to level up, it wasn’t as crazy as this time. Moreover, it seems like the Space has become a small universe. In other words, the Space has become a miniature version of the World of Cultivation. All backgrounds have also become planets. This was good news for Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>The backgrounds turning into planets might look like a loss to Zhao Hai because this meant that the backgrounds now had limited area. Backgrounds from before seemed endless with no end in sight. One could see from this point that Zhao Hai had suffered a loss.</p>

  <p>However, one shouldn’t forget that the Space has something special, and that was the Hundred Spirits Tree. The Hundred Spirit Tree would produce a planetoid every hundred years. Moreover, this planet can float in the universe. If the Space doesn’t become a small universe, then where would this planetoid be placed in? In the small planet? Then that would provide some issues.</p>

  <p>But now, this issue has been solved. Moreover, the plants and the animals of the Space has leveled up. This was an abundance of strength increase for Zhao Hai. Zhao Hai also believed that the Undead could now go beyond their limit.</p>

  <p>There was also the Universal Processing Machine, the Universal Scanner, the increase in Spiritual Qi density, mineral veins, spirit veins, and more. All of these changes was very advantageous for the future development of the Space.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai finally let go of his worries. Then he turned his head to the small and dried up tree. Who would have thought that this small tree was a spirit root left behind by the universe when it was formed. If the Cultivators knew about this, they would certainly go crazy.</p>

  <p>The Cultivators being unable to recognize the plant surprised Zhao Hai. However, he couldn’t blame them for not taking note of it. First, this thing appeared quite suddenly. Second, it was a divine object, and such treasures were difficult to look for and was only found by luck. Moreover, such treasures would hide itself so that no average person could see it.</p>

  <p>This spirit root can be said to be a pinnacle treasure in the Cultivation Realm. However, this precious item actually appeared in a stall in the small Seamount City. Apart from people in the Seamount City, nobody would give attention to such a stall. Moreover, the Seamount Sect wouldn’t look around in the marketplace every day. There was also the arrival of the Machine Field’s delegates, causing the Seamount Faction to shift their attention. This wasn’t the time to care about something in some stall somewhere.</p>

  <p>Gongsun Zheng just felt that the small tree wasn’t simple, he didn’t know what it was. Additionally, it was Zhao Hai who bought the spirit root. He wanted to teach Zhao Hai a lesson by forcing him to hand over the root. Gongsun Zheng had no idea about its true value.</p>

  <p>After Zhao Hai thought of this, he turned his head to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, give the spirit root a place to settle in. Make sure to take care of it.” Cai’er complied and immediately went to the spirit root. After thinking for some time, Cai’er decided to plant the spirit root at an area not far from the Hundred Spirits Tree. This was a good place to monitor it and it offered an advantage for Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>But just as Cai’er placed the spirit root on the ground, the spirit root suddenly wriggled itself out fiercely. When it fell to the ground, the root burrowed down fast. Cai’er stared and then immediately tracked the root using her spiritual force. It didn’t take long before she discovered the spirit root uniting with the roots of the Hundred Spirits Tree. Soon enough, the two looked indistinguishable from each other.</p>

  <p>It wasn’t only Cai’er who was shocked, Zhao Hai was shocked as well. He didn’t know what was happening. Then at this time, the Space has issued a prompt!</p>
</body>
</html>