<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 748: Unlocked, Magic Background</h3>

  <p>When Zhao Hai arrived by the Tree of Life, he could clearly see how worse it had become. Yesterday, only a single leaf had turned yellow. But now, there were two leaves. Although they had yet to fall from the tree, one could see that they were already dead, without any life.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai slowly walked over to the Tree of Life, carefully investigating it. The tree wasn’t showing any defects, it was still beautiful. However, the two dead leaves had taken away some of the tree’s elegance.</p>

  <p>The Queen and the elders were nervously looking at Zhao Hai. They were afraid that Zhao Hai wouldn’t be able to cure the tree. If that were the case, then the Elven Race would be in deep trouble.</p>

  <p>Actually, Zhao Hai wanted to see how long the roots of the Tree of Life were. He wanted to collect the tree without damaging the roots. After watching for a while, Zhao Hai discovered something special. Zhao Hai thought that the Tree of Life was being parasitic towards the large tree. Now that he had taken a closer look, this didn’t seem to the the case at all. The tree of life was actually growing inside the small pond, there was no connection between it and the large tree. It can be said that the Tree of Life was floating on water.</p>

  <p>This discovery made Zhao Hai surprised. He didn’t think that this would be the case. But this also made him more relaxed in gathering the tree.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai turned to the Queen and said, “Your Majesty, I’ll be taking the Tree of Life. I will have information by tomorrow. Does Your Majesty agree?”</p>

  <p>The Elf Queen turned to look at the 9th rank elders who proceeded to nod their heads. The Tree of Life was just too important to the Elven Race, and Zhao Hai was their final hope. If Zhao Hai couldn’t treat the tree, then nobody in the continent could.</p>

  <p>The reason why these people had confidence in Zhao Hai was because he already managed to help them fix their Divine Artifact, the Elven Bow. For the Elves, the Elven Bow and the Tree of Life held the same importance. It was because of this that the Elves decided to trust Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Seeing the elders nod, the Queen turned her head to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, please continue. We agree.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, then he waved his hand, making a spatial rift appear and cover the Tree of Life. The Elves looked with worry at the appearance of the spatial rift. They were afraid that the rift would wound the Tree of Life.</p>

  <p>Fortunately, Zhao Hai was now very skillful in controlling his spatial rifts. The rift slowly slid down the sides of the pool, never touching the Tree of Life. The rift also brought the water from the pool into the Space.</p>

  <p>After transporting the Tree of Life as well as the liquid of life over to the Space, Zhao Hai let out a long breath. Then he turned his head to the Queen and said, “Your Majesty, I will surely find a way to cure the Tree of Life. I’ll see you at the Palace tomorrow.” Then Zhao Hai’s figure vanished as he returned to the Space.</p>

  <p>After arriving at the Space, Zhao Hai immediately took the Tree of Life out of the warehouse and placed it in the space’s pool. Just as the Tree of Life appeared, the Space immediately issued a prompt. “Pollution detected in item full of wood element. Treatment of the lifeform would need 1 million gold coins from the host.”</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai heard the prompt, he immediately became happy before he was met with grief. He was glad that the Tree of Life can be cured, and was sad because he would need to fork out a million gold coins in order to do so.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai still didn’t delay as he said, “Immediately start the treatment.”</p>

  <p>A white light suddenly shone from the Space and covered the Tree of Life. The previous yellow leaves of the tree started to turn back into green. Moreover, the leaves have become more vibrant compared to before.</p>

  <p>Before long, the white light vanished as the Tree of Life went back to its healthy state. Moreover, it looked more healthy compared to before. Zhao Hai couldn’t help but let out a long breath after seeing the result.</p>

  <p>At this time, another prompt came from the Space, “Discovered massive amounts of dark energy from the lifeform. Increasing its resistance to dark energy. Dark energy has been withdrawn, may be used by the Processing Machine in order to upgrade itself. Wood element energy inside the Space has been increased. Five element requirement has been met. Host may use the power of the five elements in order to upgrade his Life Treasure Dao Lotus.”</p>

  <p>Since this was a good thing, Zhao Hai quickly said, “Upgrade it immediately.”</p>

  <p>Then another prompt came, “Upgrading Processing Machine, time required, 12 hours. Upgrade to host’s treasure can be done immediately, gold coins are not needed.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gave an affirmative nod and said, “Do it.” Then just as his voice fell, a five colored light suddenly fell into his body. Zhao Hai could vaguely feel the five colored light penetrate his body. After going around his body two times, the light entered his middle dantian and into the lotus. After the lotus absorbed the light, it looked even more beautiful. Zhao Hai knew that its beauty and delicateness was an illusion. The strength of the Dao Lotus right now was equal to the tiny pagoda, it might even be stronger.</p>

  <p>What made Zhao Hai most surprised was the core in his lower dantian. It seems like it had also benefited from the five elements. It became golden yellow and had gotten bigger. On its top was a golden dragon. This wasn’t the same dragon as the ones in the Ark Continent, instead, it was a chinese dragon. The small dragon was on top of the core, eyes closed, as if it was sleeping.</p>

  <p>On the other hand, the small man on Zhao Hai’s dantian had become more solidified. This startled Zhao Hai since he can also feel his spiritual strength increase. Moreover, his sense of the heavens and the earth had become more distinct.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai turned his head to look at the Processing Machine. It seems like there wasn’t much change aside from the timer that counted down from 12 hours.</p>

  <p>At this time, Laura and the others arrived outside of the villa, curiously looking at the Tree of Life. Cai’er has also flown to Zhao Hai’s side. At this time, Zhao Hai discovered that Cai’er’s height had doubled. She was now as tall as a grown man’s arm.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, did the Tree of Life give you this much benefit?”</p>

  <p>Cai’er smiled and said, “Young Master, I gained so much. Not only did it benefit me, the Tree of LIfe also influenced the plants in the Space. If the Tree of Life stays inside the Pace, then it can slowly upgrade the plants inside, giving it consciousness. When that time comes, they would be no different to the Flower Demons.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared, then he immediately said, “Then can the Tree of Life develop sentience?”</p>

  <p>Cai’er shook her head and said, “It can’t. The Tree of Life is just like an energy converter. It can convert all types of energy into wood element energy. If it lives inside the Space, not only could it let the plants grow better, it can also produce wood element crystal stones. In the past, the Tree of Life couldn’t convert dark energy, but after going through the Space, it would be able to. Young Master, I suspect that your tiny pagoda and Dao Lotus has the same ability.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the Tree of Life and couldn’t help but smile bitterly, “It’s a pity that we need to return the Tree of Life back to the Elves. We can’t keep it in the Space.”</p>

  <p>Cai’er smiled and said, “Young Master, did you forget? The Tree of Life can now be purchased in the Space’s shop. You can buy a sapling and then wait for it to grow up.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai forced a smile and said, “But we would need to wait for many years. This Tree of Life that the Elves grew took many years in order to reach this state. I’m afraid that by the time it grows up, I may have been dead for way too long.”</p>

  <p>Cai’er smiled and said, “Young Master, you don’t know this but the Tree of Life is just unsuitable to be grown in the Elves’ forest. The land there didn’t have the requirements to grow a healthy Tree of Life. Because of this, their Tree of Life can only be considered as an extremely malnourished plant. This explains why it is this small. On the other hand, the Space is very suitable for growing the tree. This will cut a huge chunk of time for it to grow. Moreover, it would be much healthier compared to this one.’</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh in glee, “Then we’ll wait. Immediately buy two saplings. Where do you think we’ll plant them? Do we need to grow them on the Farming Ground?”</p>

  <p>Cai’er gave a smile, “There’s no need. Placing them on both sides of the Villa would be fine. The Tree of Life is not only an energy converter, it can also keep the energies stable. It will make the five elements in the Space more balanced.”</p>

  <p>After she said that, Cai’er planted two Tree of Life saplings by the side of the villa. Zhao Hai was happy after seeing the two saplings. These two saplings weren’t any smaller than the Elves’ Tree of Life. It seems like the Elves’ Tree of Life was indeed undernourished.</p>

  <p>After buying the two seedlings, the Space suddenly issued a prompt, “Energy stabilizing plants detected. Introduction of the plant has fulfilled the upgrade condition. Space has been upgraded to level 70. Host can now buy ten more backgrounds. Ample magic energy detected in the Space, unlocked a new type of background. Magic type background can now be purchased.”</p>

  <p>“Hint: There are a lot of special environments in Magic-type backgrounds. In these environments, the host can cultivate more exotic magical plants and animals.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but stare blankly after listening to the Space. This was the first time that he had heard of this type prompt. He didn’t understand what was happening, so he turned to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, what’s happening?”</p>

  <p>Cai’er smiled and said, “Congratulations, Young Master. You’ve gained a lot this time. The Space has unlocked the Magic backgrounds for our use. In other words, the Young Master can now purchase backgrounds commonly seen in magical worlds. For example, floating islands, mystical mountains, and some extreme terrains. These places would supply the proper environment for special plants and animals to grow in.”</p>
</body>
</html>