<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 526: Eviction</h3>

  <p>The Buda Clan has already established its might in the continent because of Zhao Hai’s effort as well as the Space. However, when it came to personal connections, they couldn’t even compare to low-ranked nobles families. The Buda Clan’s background was just too thin.</p>

  <p>Currently, the connections that the Buda Clan had include: the Calci Family, Crook Family, Rosen Imperial Clan, Shelley Family, Purcell Family, and the Iksa Family.</p>

  <p>But one has to know that these families were already very powerful. Even the Iksa Family, they have the title of a Duke. Although they aren’t a Grand Duke’s family and had their own principality, they were still Old Nobles of the Aksu Empire. The help that Zhao Hai can get from them was not very much.</p>

  <p>Because of this, Zhao Hai wanted to establish his own circle of influence. And Milton and the others gave him this opportunity.</p>

  <p>All of the Great Clans in the continent had their own personal web of influence. This web was something that their clans have woven for many years. Since the Buda Clan didn’t have such a web, Zhao Hai had began to weave it right now.</p>

  <p>Therefore, Zhao Hai placed great importance towards Milton and the others. No matter what, it was these people who voluntarily sided themselves to the Buda Clan. So Zhao Hai decided to help them out as much as possible.</p>

  <p>In the following days, all of the Human merchants who participated in Zhao Hai’s banquet had shipped their goods to Magic Lily Shop. At the same time, Zhao Hai also took out those unmarked crystal cards and handed them over to the merchants.</p>

  <p>These merchants understood that if they return to the human lands while carrying either Magic beasts or coins, they would surely fork some of them out on the road. But if they have these crystal cards, they can just place them on their pockets. And when they come across a checkpoint, they can just choose to not declare its existence.</p>

  <p>Because of this, the merchants were very grateful to Zhao Hai. If it wasn’t for Zhao Hai, they would suffer huge losses. At this point, the situation in Beast God City was not getting intense, it was time for them to leave. After handing their good over to Zhao Hai, they immediately left Beast God City.</p>

  <p>When these merchants left, Beast God City became somewhat desolate. This made the other merchants who were still there scared. Therefore, they also decided to leave.</p>

  <p>The merchants that Zhao Hai invited to his banquet were thoroughly investigated by him. These merchants were from medium-ranked families that didn’t have a lot of background. They didn’t have any connections to a Great Clan, nor did they have a relationship with a Noble affiliated with the Radiant Church. Those who didn’t fit into this criteria weren’t invited by Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>When the Radiant Church implemented their plan, they didn’t inform the Great Clans beforehand. Therefore, since these Great Nobles had no idea, they also sent their merchants over to the Prairie.</p>

  <p>At the same time, there were also merchants affiliated with the Radiant Church present. But they were in the minority. They only came because they were sent by the Radiant Church to monitor the situation with the Beastmen.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai went to investigate the prospective nobles that he wanted to invite, he checked them very carefully. He asked Cai’er to carefully look into their backgrounds as well as the situation of their families. He wanted to make sure that they wouldn’t have any connections to either Great Nobles or the Radiant Church. If there’s a hint of the two criteria on them, then Zhao Hai didn’t go and send an invitation.</p>

  <p>But even so, the group that allied with Zhao Hai weren’t the minority. At the same time, these merchants also have a lot of shops outside the city. So when they left, they caused unrest towards the other merchants who were left behind. Moreover, as days passed, more and more Beastmen came to Beast God City, and their gazes were going less and less friendly. A lot of merchants have already retreated, especially those with Great Noble backing, they can still afford the loss. Those who still stayed were also preparing their things to leave.</p>

  <p>Naturally, Zhao Hai wouldn’t let this opportunity go. He immediately had Ah Tai go and contact these people and made them sell their goods over to him. And of course, the price that he bought wasn’t as good as what he gave Milton’s group.</p>

  <p>These merchants knew that Zhao Hai was using the fire in order to get their goods. However, they had no choice but to agree. At the very least, they can still recover some of their losses. If they don’t agree with Zhao Hai, then they’d be left with no money.</p>

  <p>And Zhao Hai would pay them using crystal cards. These cards aren’t very rare in human lands, but in the Prairie, they were uncommon. For those merchants, these crystal cards were very attractive.</p>

  <p>Every merchant who came to the Prairie to do business wasn’t a fool. They knew very well how cost-effective crystal cards were compared to bringing along large amounts of Argali. After Milton and the others left, Zhao Hai’s business became better. Everyday, more and more merchants came to Zhao Hai to sell their goods.</p>

  <p>The prices that these goods were sold at were much lower than their selling price in the Human lands. Since Zhao Hai had a lot of spare cash in hand, then he would naturally jump on this opportunity to get cheap goods.</p>

  <p>A month after Zhao Hai arrived in Beast God City, the Beastmen finally issued their expulsion order. Ordering all Human merchants to leave Beast God City within three days, otherwise, the Beastmen would become impolite.</p>

  <p>With the issuance of this order, the Human Merchants knew that it was the end. In the past, they chose to not sell their goods over to Zhao Hai, but now they were very anxious. All of them immediately sold every goods they have over to Zhao Hai at a very low price. Then after receiving the money, they immediately left.</p>

  <p>The Beastmen in Beast God City had seen Zhao Hai’s conduct, but they didn’t say anything. In all honesty, the Beastmen didn’t hate these merchants who bring their goods over to the Prairie. Because of this, they chose to not attack them, and instead just drove them away.</p>

  <p>On the other hand, Zhao Hai’s three flags made the Beastmen very shocked. This was the first time that they have seen a Human bearing a Beastman tribe’s King’s Flag as well as a Friendship Flag.</p>

  <p>Three days later, no other Human was present in Beast God City aside from Zhao Hai’s group. This made the Beastmen look at Zhao Hai and the others strangely. It was very much like when Humans notice a very strange creature among them.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t care about any of these. The reason why he stayed this time was to wait for Wales and the Black Bear Tribe to arrive in Beast God City.</p>

  <p>Wales and the others didn’t let Zhao Hai wait for too long. Ten days after all of the Humans left Beast God city, the Black Bear Tribe arrived.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai heard that the Black Bear tribe had come, he immediately went to greet them at the gate of Beast God City. While waiting on the gate, Zhao Hai saw a cavalry unit in the distance. When Zhao Hai focused his eyes, he could see that all of the cavalry were mounted Black Bear Beastmen. Their numbers reached 30 thousand, and their movements were filled with great cadence. This cavalry unit completely blotted out the ground, making it black. This scene could make one feel overwhelmed.</p>

  <p>However, this cavalry unit didn’t enter Beast God City but stopped just around five li away. Only a few hundred Beastmen separated and continued on to the city. Before long, the group arrived in front of the city gates.</p>

  <p>From this group, Zhao Hai can recognize the Black Bear Patriarch as well as Lieben. At this time Lieben was holding a flag in one hand, this was the war flag of the Black Bear Tribe.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai quietly stood on his place as he observed the group gradually slowing down. As soon as the Black Bear Patriarch arrived at the city’s gates, Zhao Hai immediately stepped forward and offered his greetings, “Zhao Hai has met the Black Bear Patriarch.”</p>

  <p>The Black Bear Patriarch went down from his mount and stretched out his arms before grasping Zhao Hai’s shoulders and saying, “I knew you wouldn’t leave. Hahaha. When I go finish what I need to do, I’ll go find you, let’s go have a drink.” Then he gently shook Zhao Hai before letting go.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Alright, then I’ll go prepare the food and drinks to welcome the arrival of the Patriarch.”</p>

  <p>The Black Bear Patriarch nodded and said, “Alright. Little Hai, I still have matters to attend to. I’ll be leaving first, I’ll find you at your place later.” Then he turned around and rode his mount before heading towards the city. Zhao Hai also led Ah Tai to walk back to Magic Lily Shop.</p>

  <p>At this time, Ah Tai was looking utterly shocked at Zhao Hai. His contact with the Beastmen wasn’t short, but he haven’t seen a Beastman being so warm towards a Human before. The Beastmen being good guests wasn’t false, but there were Beastmen who had been able to learn how to deal with Humans from a long period of being in contact with them. For example, if you want to do business with the Beastmen, you need to go visit them in their tribes and sell them the product there. You shouldn’t expect the Beastmen to take the initiative and come to you.</p>

  <p>The Black Bear tribe was a big warring tribe. And they had been in contact with Humans for a long time. However, with how they were deceived by a human in the past, they were one of the more hostile Beastmen when interacting with Humans. It was virtually impossible for these Black Bears to be able to warm up to a Human.</p>

  <p>Ah Tai can also be considered to be one of those humans who had been able to make transactions with the Black Bears. When the Black Bear Beastmen make transactions, they would always be on guard, as though they were talking to a thief. Very much unlike today, where the Black Bear Patriarch hugged Zhao Hai while at the same time taking the initiative to invite him for a drink.</p>

  <p>It was at this point that Ah Tai understood that Zhao Hai’s flags should be special. No wonder the Beastmen didn’t expel them while all of the other Humans were driven out. None of them even went close to Magic Lily Store during the expulsion. At the same time, many Beastmen also came to greet him, and their attitudes were very enthusiastic.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai and Ah Tai returned to the store, Zhao Hai immediately instructed Laura and the others to prepare something to eat. At the same time, Zhao Hai had also put out some seafood for them to prepare. He wanted the Black Bear Patriarch to be surprised by his display so that he could get entertained.</p>

  <p>Ah Tai’s family were not very used to Zhao Hai’s mystical methods. They also helped Zhao Hai prepare everything while they waited for the Black Bear Patriarch’s arrival.</p>

  <p>While they were preparing, a clamour was heard outside. Zhao Hai went out to take a look only to see the Black Bear Beastmen. The Black Bear Patriarch led ten other Black Bears as well as Lieben to Zhao Hai’s Magic Lily Shop.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai immediately invited the Black bear Patriarch and Lieben’s group to the store’s back courtyard. After they entered the tent, Ah Tai immediately served each of them some milk tea.</p>

  <p>After the Black Bear patriarch took a sip of the tea, he smiled to Zhao Hai and said, “Little Hai, you’ve been having a great time recently. I’ve heard about how you bought all of the goods from the other Merchants. What are you planning to do? Sell them at a high price for profit?”</p>
</body>
</html>