<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 569: Four Types of Liquor</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai followed Billy and Juno into a cave in the mountain. The place looked very ordinary, probably something rarely used. On the cave was a big desk along with several bookshelves at the side.</p>

  <p>Not far from the cave was a place for rest, with a set of wooden sofas and some tables.</p>

  <p>After arriving at the resting area, Billy looked at Zhao Hai and laughed, “Kid, in just one year, you have made quite great achievements. The Buda Clan is now well known. I want to know what business you’ll have with us Dwarves.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I have some goods from my Buda Clan. I think the Patriarch also knew about my Clan’s Milk Wine.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knew that most of the other races were very direct, much more direct than humans. Therefore, he didn’t waste any words and just said what the other party wanted to hear.</p>

  <p>Billy looked at Zhao Hai and then smiled. “I’ve drank your Milk Wine, it’s really good. Is it from your cooperation with the Beastmen?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “The Milk Wine that they make is still incomplete, it still needed further processing. Therefore, I struck a deal with the Beastman and had them supply me with Milk Wine. I’ll process those and then sell them to the Human territories.”</p>

  <p>Billy nodded, “Your quite honest, Kid. Tell me, what do you need?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled, “i have a peculiar hobby, I like strange plants and unique Magic Beasts. As long as it’s rare, I’d want it. I can use my Milk Wine to trade with those things with you, naturally it includes iron wares as well. What do you think?”</p>

  <p>Billy knit his eyebrows and said, “This is not a problem. But you should know that Magic Beasts like our Iron Armor Beast are unique to our Dwarf Race. &#160;It’s not like we don’t want to give them away to the other races, but if the Iron Beasts were given to others, they would immediately starve themselves and die. At the same time, unique trees and plants in our mountain will not grow elsewhere. Are you fine with this?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “I’m merely curious about those things. I’ve also done the same with the Beastmen, so I’m quite familiar with the implications. In fact, I have some alchemists back at the clan, they also want to see those kinds of things. Therefore, I’m going out of my way to collect them.”</p>

  <p>Billy didn’t say anything. In fact, there were a lot of unique plants and beasts in the hands of both the Dwarves and the Beastmen. It’s not like they don’t want to give them away, it’s just that they don’t have any uses. Because of that, they slowly went forgotten.</p>

  <p>Billy nodded, “This is not an issue, these things are practically worthless. If you want to, there’s no problem in us giving you a few. Right, what price do you want to sell your milk wine?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled, “Patriarch doesn’t need to worry, I’ll sell it at a normal price. The price that we sell at the mainland is what the price that I’ll be giving you.”</p>

  <p>Billy stared at Zhao Hai and said, “Really?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “There’s no need to doubt me. If you go to the Beastman Prairie and inquire, you will know that our Buda Clan had always been fair in doing business. Compared to other merchants, the grain that we sell in the Prairie is priced much lower. There’s no reason for us to sell to the Dwarves at a high price.”</p>

  <p>Judging by Zhao Hai’s expression, Billy can see if Zhao Hai was telling the truth or not. After thinking for a while, Billy nodded and said, “If this is the case, then it would be good for our Dwarf race. We’re living in the mountains all year round, the winds in here is very tough. So tough that we needed to drink some liquor after every meal. If you do supply us with this Milk Wine, then you would be doing us a great deed.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “In fact, I don’t only have Milk Wine in my hands, I also have other varieties of liquor. I’ll have to invite the two elders to have a taste.” Then he waved his hand and took out a few bottles of liquor.</p>

  <p>The bottles contained several types of liquor. Among them were the ordinary milk wine, high-grade milk wine, white wine, and finally the beer. Zhao Hai didn’t bring out some fruit wine because it was obvious that they didn’t suit the palates of the Dwarves.</p>

  <p>In fact, Zhao Hai already had prior knowledge about the Dwarves’ drinking customs. He understood that they really loved to drink, and that the liquor that they were drinking were quite special. Their liquor was a type made from potatoes that was farmed in the Buddha Empire. Although this potato looked much like sweet potatoes, and its liquor was also the same as the liquors back on Earth. Moreover, its flavor was very mellow, and it also had a distinct fermented fragrance. Most Dwarves are even disgusted by it. This liquor simply cannot be compared to Zhao Hai’s.</p>

  <p>One can say that this potato liquor had a much worse flavor than fruit wine. But since Dwarves don’t like drinking fruit wine, they had no other choice but to consume this potato liquor.</p>

  <p>Since Zhao Hai was already informed about these matter, therefore he didn’t bring some fruit wine out.</p>

  <p>Billy and Juno looked at the four bottles on the table. These four bottles looked very common. Three of them had transparent contents while the last one had black liquid inside.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai opened the bottle containing ordinary milk wine and then looked at Billy and Juno, “This is the ordinary milk wine, I think the two of you had already tasted this. But this wine is divided into several types. What we are selling at large in the mainland had the lowest degree. But this bottle has a higher degree compared to the others.”</p>

  <p>Each Dwarf table always had glasses for liquor in them, this was something that everybody knew. So Zhao Hai took two glasses from the table and then gave the two some of the ordinary milk wine.</p>

  <p>Billy and Juno wasn’t polite, they immediately took the glass and drank the liquor. They had prior experience with milk wine, and they knew that it was fierce, therefore they only took a small sip.</p>

  <p>After the two took a sip, they felt different. They had drunk the milk wines in the mainland. Those wines were very good to drink, but those cannot be compared to what Zhao Hai served them this time.</p>

  <p>After they placed their cups down and nodded, Zhao Hai took the high grade milk wine and poured the two another two glasses of liquor.</p>

  <p>Juno had already drank this high grade milk wine before, so his expression this time was quite mild. However, Billy hadn’t drank this before. Therefore, after he took a sip, his two eyes couldn’t help but light up, he felt that the flavor of this wine was very good.</p>

  <p>Then Zhao Hai took the bottle of rice wine and then gave them a glass as he introduced it, “Taste this one, it’s something we made quite recently. It’s not milk wine nor fruit wine, but it’s made from bamboo rice.”</p>

  <p>Juno and Billy stared at the bottle. Naturally, they knew about bamboo rice, but brewing alcohol from it? This was the first time that they had heard such a concept.</p>

  <p>They curiously lifted the cup and drank from it. Although the degree of Zhao Hai’s rice wine wasn’t very high, it didn’t have the milky fragrance of milk wine. Instead, it had a purely wine flavor with a little sweet aftertaste. It was a gentle kind of drink.</p>

  <p>After they tasted the liquor, the two’s eyes couldn’t help but light up. They didn’t expect that the liquor that was made from bamboo rice would be this good.</p>

  <p>After seeing their reactions, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile. Then he poured them a glass of beer each. When Zhao Hai served them milk wine and rice wine, he only poured them a small amount, enough for a single sip. But this time, Zhao Hai poured the beer until the glass in half full. But even then, the foam at the top of the beer was already quite a lot.</p>

  <p>Billy and Juno looked at Zhao Hai in confusion, Zhao Hai slightly knew what was on their minds as he said, “This liquor isn’t very strong, it’s quite mellow. However, I think you will find its flavor quite interesting. Please have a taste.”</p>

  <p>Juno and Billy weren’t polite, they held their glasses and downed the liquor inside. When the beer entered their mouths, they first felt that it tasted very strange. But then, an indescribable mellow taste overwhelmed their taste buds. After the two drank the beer, they couldn’t help but snap their tongues.</p>

  <p>While looking at the two, Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “This liquor is made from a rare type of plant grown in the continent. At this point, only our Buda Clan has been cultivating it. However, it’s production volume into beer is very great.”</p>

  <p>Billy looked at the cup and nodded, “This final one is really good. It tastes quite nice. Do you have a lot of these?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled, “It’s current output is not very high. My highest output at this time would be milk wine. If you want the other ones, you may need to wait for some time.”</p>

  <p>Billy nodded, “Then I want some milk wines, this ordinary ones since we Dwarves consume a lot of liquor. But you have to give me a very fair price.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded, “Alright, that’s not a problem. Large purchases always merit price deductions. I can sell them to the Dwarves at wholesale price.”</p>

  <p>Billy gave a satisfied nod, “Good, good. Kid, when can you send the wine?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Right now. How much do you want? I can deliver them right away.”</p>

  <p>Billy stared at Zhao Hai and said, “How big is your Space Equipment?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “ Very big. Moreover, since I already planned to do business here, I also brought a large amount of milk wine along. I want to trade some of these wines into ironwares, then I’ll go transport them over to the Beastman Prairie.”</p>

  <p>Billy nodded and said, “It looks like your relationship with the Beastmen is very good. In the past, our Dwarf race also had some dealings with the Beastmen. But after a few years, and the emergence of the Humans, our contact had been cut off. I didn’t expect that you would connect the two races with your business.”</p>
</body>
</html>