<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 424: The Sea</h3>

  <p>When Randolph heard what Phil said, he couldn’t help but frown. &#160;It would take a Wind Falcon several hours to fly from Jade Water CIty to Sky Water City. But after Zhao Hai received the letter, he unexpectedly arrived along with the Blood Hawk, this made him extremely surprised.</p>

  <p>He had also seen the Blood Hawk that Zhao Hai gave Smith. It was very handsome, whether it be fighting strength or speed, it was much better than a Wind Falcon. However, Zhao Hai actually reached Sky Water City at the same time as the Hawk, a feat like this is extraordinary.</p>

  <p>Smith looked at Randolph’s appearance and said, “Father, I heard some whispers coming from the Shelley Family. It said that Zhao Hai is a Space Mage, but I don’t know if it’s true or not.”</p>

  <p>Randolph couldn’t sit still, he immediately stood up and said, “Space Mage?! Are you sure?”</p>

  <p>Smith nodded, “The Shelley Family had issued a gag order regarding this. No matter how hard I try to inquire, I couldn’t get certain proof.”</p>

  <p>Randolph circled the ground twice, “If he is really a Space Mage, then he is certainly worth of Megan, but what is his identity? I never did find out about it, how can you be assured in leaving Megan to such a person?”</p>

  <p>Smith forced a smile and said, “Father, I already know his identity. Although I just knew out about it, I should not be wrong.”</p>

  <p>Randolph said, “You found out? How is that possible? Almost all Great Clans in the continent were determined to find out, but came back with nothing. How did you manage to find out?”</p>

  <p>Smith smiled and said, “I didn’t actually find it, Zhao Hai himself told us. Before he got engaged to Megan, I asked him for his background. And he agreed to tell us.”</p>

  <p>Randolph looked at Smith and frowned, “So what is it? Is his identity special? Did he belong to a hidden family or a Great Power?”</p>

  <p>Smith shook his head, “None of those. From the beginning, we had been looking at the wrong direction. He didn’t belong to a hidden family nor a great power. His surname is Buda, formerly known as Adam Buda and now he changed his name to Zhao Hai Buda.”</p>

  <p>Randolph stared, then his eyes widened, “Buda? Are you talking about the lord of the Black Wasteland? That Buda Clan?”</p>

  <p>Smith nodded, “Right, Black Wasteland’s lord, the Buda Clan. This was the reason why he first appeared at Black Earth Fortress. This was why his first actions happened in Purcell Duchy.”</p>

  <p>Randolph nodded, and then his complexion changed, “You bastard, if he really is from the Buda Clan, then didn’t he drink the Water of Nothingness? How can you let him marry Megan? Are you insane???”</p>

  <p>Smith looked at Randolph and sighed, when looking at his father’s appearance, it seems like he was looking at himself. At the time, when he found out about Zhao Hai’s identity, his reaction was the exact same as Randolph. However, he still needed to answer his father’s question, so he smiled and said, “If Zhao Hai still had the toxin from the Water of Nothingness, then how could I possibly give him Megan? The poison on his body has already been solved.”</p>

  <p>Randolph replied, “Solved? Really?”</p>

  <p>Smith nodded, “Indeed, I made him demonstrate Magic as well as Battle Qi. Right now, his Magic has reached 8th rank, his Battle Qi as well, 8th rank. But since he didn’t practice his Martial Arts that well before, he can only combat a 7th rank in regular battle. However, he’s actually a Mage of every element, and he’s skilled in them as well. He can also do Compound Magic. According to my calculations, his current fighting strength would make him invincible to those below 9th rank.”</p>

  <p>Randolph stared at Smith, “Are you serious? Is he really a Multi-element mage in all elements? Dual cultivating Magic and Battle Qi? What kind of fortuitous encounter did he experience?”</p>

  <p>Smith smiled stiffly and said, “I also want to know, but he didn’t agree to tell me. Perhaps he will tell Megan later, he couldn’t just tell anyone he couldn’t fully trust.”</p>

  <p>Randolph knit his brows, “He’s very careful, but this is good as well. Your decision this time is truly correct, I didn’t expect this kid to be this strong. If we really did continue to cause him trouble, then we would certainly suffer a huge loss. But for this youngster to steal my granddaughter away from me, I definitely won’t forgive him.”</p>

  <p>Smith smiled, “Father, you should know that because of our earlier actions, Zhao Hai had been pushed towards Prince Charlie. Will this affect our family?”</p>

  <p>Randolph thought for a moment and then shook his head, “I don’t think so, Zhao Hai is still engaged to Megan, not married. And even if they are married, he is still primarily a member of the Buda Clan, not the Calci Family, so it shouldn’t affect us. Just pay attention to not get too close with Charlie.”</p>

  <p>Smith nodded and looked at the weather as he said, “Father, it’s already quite late. Let’s go eat something. Right, Zhao Hai told me that he would return in a while. I think you’re better off staying in Sky Water City for a while if you want to see Zhao Hai.”</p>

  <p>Randolph thought for a moment and nodded, “Alright, I haven’t seen Megan in quite a while. Then I’ll stay here for some time.”</p>

  <p>Smith nodded, then he lead Randolph towards the dining hall along with Phil. But they didn’t think that at this time, Zhao Hai was heading towards the Rock Shrimp Tribe.</p>

  <p>After getting along for a few days, Zhao Hai and Megan were now comfortable with each other. Although it still didn’t reach the level he had with Meg and Laura, it was still very good.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai was still indecisive about telling Megan about the Space. Megan’s situation was different than Laura and Meg. Laura had a falling out with her family and cannot return. Also, Meg had always been with him, so her loyalty was not an issue. Therefore, Zhao Hai can rest assured in telling them about the Space.</p>

  <p>But Megan was different, standing behind her was a Great Noble Family. A family that ranked as one of the powerful families in the continent. Moreover, Megan still had a good relationship with her people. She was extremely favored by the family, so she still had deep sentiments towards it. If Zhao Hai tells Megan about the Space, then he was afraid that Megan would tell Smith if ever he asks. Then Zhao Hai’s biggest secret would be exposed to the outside world, and Zhao Hai didn’t want this to happen.</p>

  <p>Megan didn’t feel anything, she was just sitting on the deck of the Haven. The ships stolen from the Markey family were right next to it.</p>

  <p>Ever since she was young, this was the first time that she had gone out this far to sea. When Megan was still at the family, she mostly got along the river and rarely the sea. Additionally, the family didn’t include her in their businesses, so she was mostly just riding the boat near the coastlines. It was the first time that she got to travel such a long distance.</p>

  <p>Two days after they left, Megan was still very excited. But on the third day, she became quite bored. In addition to the sea and the people on the boat, there was hardly anything to see.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and the others were already used to Megan being on the ship, so they didn’t enter the Space during the day. They needed to wait until the evening before entering the Space. In the morning, they could only play around on the ship.</p>

  <p>In reality, the ship was very big, so there were alot of things to play around with. But because Zhao Hai and the others were used to the ship, they just chatted peaceful while drinking some tea and eating, unknowingly making the days past by.</p>

  <p>It was already the third day after they left Sky Water City. Megan was currently feeling boredom, she just stood on the deck, watching the sea silently with a frown on her face.</p>

  <p>At this time, Laura saw Megan’s frown, she immediately walked over and asked, “Megan, why do you look so unhappy? Did you miss home?”</p>

  <p>Megan turned to look at Laura and said “I don’t really miss home, it’s just that I’m feeling quite bored of the sea. We can only stay inside the ship, it’s too boring.”</p>

  <p>Laura gave a smile and said, “We really have no other choice, this is how it is at sea. We still have seven days left of travel before we arrive at our destination.”</p>

  <p>Megan rolled her eyes and said, “I’m afraid I won’t stay sane at that point. It’s terrible, I don’t think I would be able to endure the boredom.”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and said, “If you really can’t stand it anymore, just make something fun for yourself. There are books on the ship, we can also chat, you can learn how to cook. If that’s not enough we can fish. If you always think about boredom, then you will be really bored.”</p>

  <p>Megan smiled and said, “Alright, then you should teach me well, I want to learn how to cook.”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and said, “We can’t right now, meal time isn’t here yet. Actually, it isn’t that boring sometimes. There were moments that we will come upon some pirates and might meet an attack. Those times were the most exciting. Ballistas firing arrows, Magic Cannons roaring, those really stimulate your senses.”</p>

  <p>Megan smiled stiffly and said, “I really couldn’t understand how that could be interesting. I’d rather be bored that be attacked.”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled, “Rest assured, I’m just talking about it. It isn’t necessary that something will happen. Especially since we have a five-masted armored shp, there weren’t a lot of pirates that would attack us. Pirates would generally attack three-masted ships.”</p>

  <p>At this time, Zhao Hai walked over, he looked at the two and said,” What’s wrong? What are the two of you talking about?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai also understood that Megan was probably unhappy. Actually, he wasn’t prepared to take Megan to the sea this time. But he didn’t have the means to decline her joining them. So he could only bring Megan along. He didn’t expect that Megan wouldn’t be able to adapt to life at sea, it has only been three days.</p>

  <p>Megan looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Elder Brother Hai, aren’t you bored? There’s nothing at sea, only a few occasional seabirds passing by, or maybe a ship. Moreover, you have an undead crew, isn’t that more tiring?”</p>
</body>
</html>