<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 970: Believe Me!</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai calmly listened to Bluewell’s words. Bluewell’s explanation was very concise, there was no point that Zhao Hai didn’t understand. He even said the rules of the city’s businesses.</p>

  <p>Such rules can be reflected at any place. Yanking City was an industrial hub, the factories here were very profitable. This was something that almost the entire Magic Armor Continent knew. Moreover, almost all of the industrial hubs have some connection to war departments.</p>

  <p>Take Yanking City for example, how could the O’Neal family just let go of its control over it? Can they rest assured when outsiders settle here? Impossible. It was equivalent to letting others take the sword that you use to fight.</p>

  <p>Because of this, all large factories in Yanking City were controlled by the O’Neal family. Even if they weren’t under the family’s control, they would handled by loyal vassals of the family. Only through this arrangement could the family be relieved.</p>

  <p>After Bluewell finished speaking, he looked to see Zhao Hai’s reaction. He found that Zhao Hai was calmly sitting in front of him. It seems like Zhao Hai was pondering over his words. Bluewell couldn’t help but feel nervous.</p>

  <p>Although Bluewell was an professional manager, he wasn’t a formal member of the Agency. He was someone who had the ability but hasn’t had the chance to showcase it. Because the Agency knew about his skills, they kept his contact number. Once someone looks for an agent for help, then they would give Bluewell the opportunity to show his skills.</p>

  <p>Naturally, this opportunity wasn’t given to everyone. If the client didn’t have the calibre to face Bluewell, then they wouldn’t send him over.</p>

  <p>This time, the hotel manager was the one who called the Agency. The manager’s hotel was a very famous institution in Yanking City. Since the agency didn’t want to offend the hotel, they sent Bluewell over.</p>

  <p>Bluewell always wanted to find opportunities to show his ability. So after being briefed by the agency regarding Zhao Hai’s situation, he immediately settled himself and went to see Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>After having thought through everything, Zhao Hai turned to Bluewell and said, “Mister Bluewell, let me ask. If I ask you to help me open a factory, how much money would I need?”</p>

  <p>When Bluewell heard Zhao hai, he couldn’t help but turn ecstatic. He clearly prepared this answer as he immediately opened his mouth and said, “A minimum of three million gold coins and a maximum of five.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Mister Bluewell, I’m very satisfied with your answer. I can give you five million gold coins to help me open a factory. I will not directly operate this business and will leave all of that to you. I’ll also give you a tenth of the factory’s shares. Although I won’t meddle in the business, I’ll have ask your help to buy me things through the company from time to time. Is this alright with you?”</p>

  <p>Bluewell was shocked. He understood what Zhao Hai just said. Zhao Hai would give him five million gold coins to open a factory, of which 10 percent of the shares would be named under him. Everything the company does would be under Bluewell’s care, Zhao Hai would just gain the dividends.</p>

  <p>Was there such a good thing? Bluewell felt that he was inside a Manager’s dream. Even if one was a manager and in a high position, one would still be an employee. However, this wasn’t the case with Zhao Hai. Bluewell was a shareholder of the company. Ten percent wasn’t a small number, this was basically a meat pie that fell from the heavens!</p>

  <p>Bluewell looked at Zhao Hai, his eyes shining as he said, “Mister, are you sure about this?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I never joke about these matters. If you agree, then we can immediately sign an agreement. I will send you the money and leave everything else to you. What do you think?”</p>

  <p>Bluewell looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Alright, Mister can rest assured. You can trust me, this Bluewell will dedicate his life to Mister.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai laughed, then he turned to the hotel manager and said, “Manager, please help us find a lawyer. I need to sign a contract with Mister Bluewell.’</p>

  <p>The manager nodded. Then he looked at Bluewell enviously before he turned to leave. After the manager left, Bluewell turned to Zhao Hai and asked, “Mister, why did you trust me?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I didn’t trust you. I believed in myself and my eye for people. Moreover, to be honest with you, 5 million isn’t a huge amount to me. But if you dare betray me, hehe, then I will make you understand the feeling of wanting to die instead of living!”</p>

  <p>When Bluewell heard Zhao Hai, his eyes couldn’t help but shrink. Then he nodded and said, “I understand. Mister, you can rest assured, I will not let you down.” Zhao Hai smiled and said, “As long as you don’t deliberately swallow the money in the factory, whatever you do is fine. If the factory goes bankrupt, and it isn’t because of your mismanagement, then I wouldn’t blame you. Just do normal business and make money.”</p>

  <p>Bluewell smiled faintly and said, “Just like Mister, I’m also confident in myself. You can be relieved with the five million that you gave me. I promise that in less than a year, you would be able to get your investment back. After getting my dividends, I will give everything to you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai laughed and said, “You are really confident. Since you believe in yourself so much, then I will give you 5% shares after one year. We’ll include that in the contract.”</p>

  <p>Bluewell looked at Zhao Hai and suddenly sighed, “I’m starting to doubt if you are really an heir to a Great Family. Otherwise, you wouldn’t be nonchalant about your money. Of the 5 million, you’re giving me 500 thousand, and if you add the 5%, that is 750 thousand gold coins in total. Even small families would have a hard time earning that much money in one year.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Money, you won’t gain it if you don’t gamble. And if this 15% share could buy your loyalty, then wouldn’t that be worth it?”</p>

  <p>Bluewell looked at Zhao Hai, then he laughed and said, “If more people think like Mister, then Professional Managers would be more relaxed.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Not all Managers are like Mister Bluewell!” Then both of them laughed.</p>

  <p>After some time, the two calmed down, but the two of them seem to have developed a sense of understanding with each other. Bluewell looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Mister I haven’t asked you yet. What do you plan to buy through the factory?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai thought for a moment and finally said, “I want to buy a set of energy conversion equipment and maybe some magic armors, some civilian ones. Having military magic armors would also be great.”</p>

  <p>Bluewell nodded and said, “That won’t be difficult. Energy converters are widespread and can be easily purchased. Besides, with our factory, purchasing them wouldn’t be difficult. As for civilian magic armors, you can buy as many as you want. You can also buy military magic armors, but the amount would be limited.” Zhao Hai stared, then he became happy as he asked, “Good, but what levels of military magic armors can I buy?”</p>

  <p>Bluewell replied, “You can buy magic armors below God-rank. However, you can only obtain them from black markets, and their price would be more expensive.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Money is not an issue. As long as you can buy them then it’s alright. But remember, don’t let these matters affect the factory. We don’t want to kill the goose that lays golden eggs.”</p>

  <p>Bluewell nodded and said, “Mister can rest assured, I know how to be discrete.”</p>

  <p>After he said that, the hotel manager suddenly appeared along with a person who looked refined. From the introduction made by the hotel manager, Zhao Hai found out that the person was from a famous law firm in the city. He came here specifically to arrange Zhao Hai’s contract.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t waste any breath as he immediately expressed the agreement with Bluewell. After the lawyer wrote the contract, Zhao Hai looked at it and wrote his name upon seeing that there were no problems. This time, he only signed the name ‘Zhao Hai’ instead of ‘Zhao Hai Buda’</p>

  <p>When he forged his ID card, he only used ‘Zhao Hai’ as his name and not ‘Zhao Hai Buda’</p>

  <p>After the contract was written, Zhao Hai got one copy, Bluewell got one, and another went to the law firm for documentation. Now, Zhao Hai’s agreement with Bluewell was official.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai led Bluewell towards Magic Armor Bank and directly entered the VIP lounge. This time, nobody stopped Zhao Hai from entering. After looking at Zhao Hai’s ID Card, the staff immediately welcomed him in.</p>

  <p>Upon entering the VIP lounge, the bank manager immediately approached Zhao Hai and said, “Mister, I am the lounge manager. Is there anything I can do for you?” Zhao Hai looked at the manager before handing his ID card over and saying, “Get 5 million from my card and give them to this Mister right here.”</p>

  <p>Bluewell also handed his ID card over. The manager took the two cards and left the VIP lounge. The number of transactions that the manager handles wasn’t a lot, and 5 million was quite a lot of money. However, the manager had seen a lot of things, so he wasn’t surprised at all.</p>

  <p>Before long, the manager came back holding the two ID cards. Then he handed it over to Zhao Hai and Bluewell. Then the manager said, “Mister, it’s done. Is there anything else you need?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai didn’t reply, instead, he turned to Bluewell and said, “Alright, I’ve already given you the money. Everything else is up to you. You go first, I still have other matters to attend to” Bluewell nodded before he gave a bow and leaving the lounge.</p>
</body>
</html>