<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1125: Uses of the Liquid Metal Sphere</h3>

  <p>Desbarres, Zhao Hai, and Tao Wang were standing in front of a sphere of liquid metal. After some time, Desbarres said, “Little Hai, do you really want this thing? Aren’t you afraid of getting just this one&#160; and nothing else?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai repeatedly nodded, then he turned to Desbarres and said, “Camp Lord, I need to obtain it. As long as I have it, I don’t care about anything else.”</p>

  <p>Desbarres looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Can you tell me why you want it? Is it just because of your instinct?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “It’s not just because I feel it. I also want to try and see if I can succeed in engraving the formations. I want to make it a true weapon.”</p>

  <p>As soon as he heard Zhao Hai, Desbarres couldn’t help but stare. Then he said, “You really want to try?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “I’d like to give it a try. This weapons needs 129,600 formations and then another 1890 formations after adding other materials. I think I can do both of it. I also have some materials that can add to it. If I can succeed, then even if I cannot display all of the weapon’s strength, I can still go against experts in the Cultivation Realm.”</p>

  <p>When Desbarres and Tao Wang heard Zhao Hai, they let out a sigh. They shook their heads at the same time then Desbarres said, “Little Hai, if this is your reason, then I suggest you just forget it. A lot of people thought about this before but weren’t successful in the end. This is because the weapon has high requirements for added materials. The materials that can be added to it are limited in number. It also needs to be a material that can handle a lot of formations. Even if you can engrave the formations, if the material is not enough, then you still wouldn’t succeed. I tried it before and I failed. You should give up.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Camp Lord, Big Brother Tao, rest assured. I’m not doing this on a whim. I want it.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai found that the two didn’t want to give him this weapon wasn’t because they were reluctant, they just thought that it wouldn’t have any use for Zhao Hai. And if others know that the weapon was in Zhao Hai’s hands, then he would be in unnecessary danger.&#160;</p>

  <p>Desbarres and Tao Wang saw Zhao Hai’s conviction, they didn’t say anything and just nodded. Then Desbarres said, “Alright, take it. Take two items for yourself as well. Even if you can complete it, you still can’t use it right now. You need things to protect yourself.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled at Tao Wang and Desbarres, then he said, “Camp Lord, Big Brother Tao, there’s no need. I’ll use the remaining one month before the family competition to complete this.”</p>

  <p>Desbarres stared, then his expression changed as he said, “Little Hai, listen to me, your that wouldn’t be good. You choose two items, one weapon and one defensive item.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Camp Lord, rest assured, I’m quite confident in this. Actually, in the lower realms, I once took a risk and was able to obtain a treasure. The treasure’s name is measureless golden sand. It is produced from earth fire and can be used for refining. I intend to use it to complete this weapon. I believe I can succeed.”</p>

  <p>Desbarres paused after hearing Zhao Hai. They also heard about measureless golden sand. It was a formidable treasure that didn’t only give the metal attribute, it also had space attribute. It’s quite a rare crafting material. If Zhao Hai really has this, then he could certainly try completing the weapon.</p>

  <p>Seeing Desbarres and Tao Wang’s appearance, Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then waved his hand. He took out a crystal jar. Inside the jar wasn’t wine nor other liquor. Instead, what was inside was a glistening golden sand.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai handed the jar over to Desbarres and said, “Camp Lord, I’m giving this bottle of measureless golden sand to the camp. A refiner in the camp should be able to use it. I don’t have much in my hands and I still need to leave some for the weapon.”</p>

  <p>Desbarres’ eyes shone when he heard Zhao Hai. Then upon receiving the bottle of golden sand, he laughed and said, “Kid, you really have a lot of good things on hand. Alright, I’ll accept this. But if you still aren’t able to complete the weapon in one month, then you need to come back here and pick two items.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai showed a smile and said, “Alright, then I agree. Camp Lord can rest assured.”</p>

  <p>Desbarres nodded, then he walked over to the cabinet with the liquid metal sphere. He tapped for a light screen to appear and then entered a passcode. The glass covered opened and the liquid metal sphere was revealed.</p>

  <p>It was a sphere a meter in diameter and looked like a huge metal bubble. The metal surface was still flowing. And most importantly, this thing was floating inside the glass cabinet.</p>

  <p>Seeing the metal, Zhao Hai’s eyes shone. Then he waved his hand, sending the liquid metal to the Space. After storing the item, he turned to Desbarres and said, “Camp Lord, let’s head back.”</p>

  <p>Desbarres nodded and placed the measureless golden sand into the cabinet. Then he turned around and left the treasury along with Tao Wang and Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Upon leaving the treasury, Zhao Hai immediately returned to his room. He already told Desbarres that he would be closing up. Then he went to the Space.</p>

  <p>The moment Zhao Hai introduced the sphere of metal to the Space, a prompt was heard, “Synthesized liquid metal sphere detected. Liquid metal can be used in conjunction with magic formations. Liquid metal can be analyzed through the Universal Scanner. Liquid metal can also be reconstructed through the Universal Processing Machine. Liquid metal can be unified with the Host’s staff. The staff will turn silver and will increase in strength. The staff will then help the Host in using formations and layered formations. The original abilities of the staff will remain unchanged.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded at the prompt. He understood that the sphere of liquid metal could be joined with his staff. Moreover, since this metal can aid in using magic formations, the staff could also assist him in using Magic Theory.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s staff could still assist him in using magic formations before, but not much. This was because even if the staff had a lot of materials, like the 12 ultimate weapons, the Hell King’s ship, as well as its other upgrades, these materials weren’t specially designed for Magic Theory. They were more inclined towards the Cultivation Realm’s formations. Zhao Hai was able to use magic formations with the staff entirely because the staff was able to transform itself and change to suit magic formations.&#160;</p>

  <p>But now, if the liquid metal was incorporated to the staff, the staff would now have compatibility for formations. It can be said that the staff was now geared for Magic Theory.</p>

  <p>It was because he heard this prompt that Zhao Hai quickly returned to the Space. He wanted to see what other pleasant surprises the liquid metal could give gim.</p>

  <p>Upon entering the Space, Laura immediately welcomed him. Zhao Hai looked at them and said, “What happened to the liquid metal?”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled and said, “I’m sorry, Brother Hai. We’ve already fed that thing to the scanner. Once it’s done analyzing, you can have a look.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile bitterly and said, “You’re really impatient. If I came later, then would you have already completed it?”</p>

  <p>Laura smiled faintly and said, “We can’t do that. We know that the process is beneficial to you. We just want to see the item’s composition.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and then turned to Cai’er and said, “Cai’er, after the liquid metal is done being analyzed, fuse it to the staff. Also, have the scanner find the most compatible 14,850 formations for the metal. Then add those formations into the staff.”</p>

  <p>Cai’er smiled and said, “Young Master, there’s no need to do that. Even if a compatible set is found, you still wouldn’t be able to find a use for it. After the liquid metal combines with the staff, it would also be integrated to the Space. So as long as a formation is analyzed by the scanner, the staff would have it. However, with Young Master’s current strength, you still wouldn’t be able to use formation sets over a hundred layers. But after your strength is improved, you can even use millions of&#160; layered formation sets. Therefore, there’s really no need for you to analyze formations for the staff.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Cai’er, Zhao Hai’s expression lit up. Then he said, “Really? Will the staff really change that much after adding the liquid metal? Right, the liquid metal hasn’t been combined with the staff, how do you know its effects?”</p>

  <p>Cai’er replied, “Young Master, don’t forget that when the liquid metal entered the Space, it has already been branded. Now that the Space is level 150, as long as it brands something, then it will immediately carry on an initial analysis. Therefore, although the liquid metal hasn’t been unified with the staff, the Space can already figure out its future ability.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded. His face was lit up, he was just too happy. The stronger the staff was, the better it was for him. With his current strength, he could only use thousand-layer formations. And after adding the liquid metal, the staff unexpectedly increased his ability by 100 times. This would allow him to layer about 100 thousand magic formations. This was absolutely good news for Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>According to Leng Wuyeng’s deduction, as long as one could use 100 thousand layer formations, then they could contend with general powerhouses in the Cultivation Realm. This means that as long as the liquid metal merged with Zhao Hai’s staff, then Zhao Hai would have means of protecting himself in the World of Cultivation.</p>

  <p>This was what made Zhao Hai glad the most. The reason he flew to the Machine Field was because he had enemies in the Cultivation Realm. If he ascended in the Cultivation Realm, then most experts there would squash him. Because of this, he didn’t dare enter Cultivation Realm.</p>

  <p>After knowing the result, Zhao Hai relaxed. He didn’t proceed to condense magic formations. This was because he had already condensed all formations that were made public. After thousands of years of development, the Machine Field made more than 13 million formations. If all of these formations were layered together, then its power was surely hard to imagine. Zhao Hai can be sure that even experts in the Cultivation Realm wouldn’t be able to block formations made with a million layers.</p>

  <p>However, with Zhao Hai’s present strength, his limit was only a thousand layers. He has to rely on the staff and liquid metal to use 100 thousand layer formations.[1]</p>

  <p>What Zhao Hai must do at this time was to practice the Stellar Tempering Body Technique. This wondrous benefits to the technique seemed infinite. And there was also the fist technique that could be used against the enemy. Zhao Hai believed that as long as he practiced, he will certainly gain great advantages.</p>

  <p>In the beginning, Zhao Hai could only practice the tempering technique for two hours each day. But after days of practice, he was able to increase it to three hours. One shouldn’t look down on this one hour of increase. For Zhao Hai, this additional hour can make double the effects of the body tempering technique.</p>

  <p>Besides practicing the Stellar Body Tempering Technique and practicing his layered formations, Zhao Hai was also busy with another matter, researching the composition of magic runes.</p>

  <p>Actually, Zhao Hai himself couldn’t remember and understand all magic runes. His ability to use magic runes was mainly the Space’s merit, not his own accomplishment. The Space was like an automatic memory storage, recording all of the runes that had been seen. Whenever Zhao Hai saw a rune, the Space would immediately give him the relevant information about it.</p>

  <p>However, in the end, these things didn’t belong to Zhao Hai. Because of this, he could only use existing formations, he cannot create new ones. This was also the Space’s biggest weak point. The Space was merely a tool that can help you accomplish tasks. It cannot help you create something new. Without a proper understanding of the core principles, Zhao Hai wouldn’t be able to create new things.</p>

  <p>Therefore, Zhao Hai began studying magic runes by himself. This way, he can create his own formations. And with the Space, he wasn’t afraid of making trash formations. What he needs to do was write magic formations down and analyze them.</p>

  <p style="text-align: center;">* * *</p>

  <p>This is the number the raw say.. Been reading forward to know if it is accurate, but there has no sign yet</p>
</body>
</html>