<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 1106: Choosing A Battlefield</h3>

  <p>As the Dark Mist spread, Zhao Hai immediately flew towards Margaret’s side and whispered, “Instructor, I can feel their position and they can’t sense us. Once they enter the dark mist, we can deal with them.”</p>

  <p>Margaret nodded. She also felt her own spiritual force being greatly suppressed. One must know that Margaret was a level 5 Mage. Her spiritual force was very strong. But in this dark mist, her spiritual force could only reach 500 meters.&#160;</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai continued to whisper, “Instructor, come with me to the bar first. Let’s take the crew go to a safe place. My magic will last for a while. But if they use light magic, then the most it could last is ten minutes. We need to save the crew during that time before we can move on our own.”</p>

  <p>Margaret agreed, then she said, “Ten minutes is enough. And don’t forget, Tyro Planet has guards. Since we just made a huge move, they would definitely be alarmed. Ten minutes is enough for them to rush over.”</p>

  <p>Zhao hai nodded. Then he caught Margaret’s body and then led her towards the bar.</p>

  <p>The people inside the bar were also aware of what just happened outside. Because of this, nobody went out. Some of them even hid below the tables.</p>

  <p>The magic Zhao Hai used didn’t just cover the street, it shrouded the bar as well. However, this magic didn’t affect Zhao Hai. After Zhao Hai and Margaret entered the bar, he immediately let go of her hand and said, “Instructor, stay here while I go look for the others.”</p>

  <p>Margaret, who has never been pulled by a man before, was now blushing. She just nodded as Zhao Hai went towards a table. Naturally, the crew were the ones drinking there. When they heard the commotion, they immediately hid under the table.</p>

  <p>When Zhao Hai arrived at the table and saw the crew’s state, he couldn’t help but laugh. Then he knocked on the table and said, “Alright, you need to get out of here.” Then he waved his hand. A light quickly covered the table, dispersing the dark mist around the crew.</p>

  <p>When the crew members heard Zhao Hai’s voice, they couldn’t help but stare. They looked up and saw Zhao Hai standing in front of them. After a short pause, the crew immediately jumped up.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai made a gesture to silence them and then whispered, “Listen to me, the pirates that attacked us are here. I just killed one of them. I’ll send someone to lead you out of this area. Remember, unless he disappears, you shouldn’t come out.” After he said that, Zhao Hai waved his hand and summoned a skeleton.</p>

  <p>The crew knew that this wasn’t the time to talk, so they just nodded and followed the skeleton. Meanwhile, Zhao Hai’s body disappeared and went to Margaret’s side.</p>

  <p>Margaret had already calmed down at this time. Although her spiritual force has been suppressed, she was still able to know what happened inside the bar. Naturally, she was able to see Zhao Hai’s action. When Zhao Hai returned, she immediately said, “There’s no visibility in the dark mist. Are they not going to attack?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai shook his head and said, “They will. They are still outside the dark mist. Maybe they want us to think that they won’t attack. It would be more dangerous for us if the guards don’t arrive for some time. This way, the pirates can be more assured to take bolder actions.”</p>

  <p>Margaret thought about what Zhao Hai said for a moment, then she said, “That’s impossible. Tyro Planet is supported by the three major groups. It isn’t that easy to bribe the guards of the three powers at the same time.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Then that means they used other methods to lure the guards away. Instructor, we need to find a way to deal with them. It would be good if we could break out of the encirclement.”</p>

  <p>Margaret nodded, “Alright. But don’t you feel that their encirclement is quite tight?” Margaret couldn’t help but feel regret. She had been very negligent. On the entire ship, only she and Zhao Hai could use magic. The others were just ordinary people, they couldn’t provide any firepower.</p>

  <p>Moreover, Margaret wasn’t a fool. They had been entangled with the pirates yet the guards had yet to arrive. This meant that the enemy had prepared themselves well. It seems like they planned to deal with the Ashley Family’s group today.</p>

  <p>Upon thinking about this, Margaret turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Zhao Hai, I’m afraid that even if we break through, they still won’t let us go easily. At the earliest, the people from the family would arrive tomorrow. Before that time, we will be in constant danger.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai thought for a moment before he said, “Instructor. I think we need to find a proper battlefield for us to fight in. Doing it in this city is certainly not good. We couldn’t move properly knowing that innocents might be caught in the crossfire. We would also be in trouble if the three powers look into the fight and see the damage we did to the city. Additionally, they have a lot of people surrounding us. We need an environment that is more complex and easier to hide in.”</p>

  <p>Margaret agreed, “Aren’t you good at dark magic? Why don’t we enter a tunnel. That kind of environment should suit our needs.”</p>

  <p>Upon hearing Margaret, Zhao Hai’s eyes shone. Then he immediately agreed, “Instructor, I just thought about a place. As long as we lure them there, I can guarantee that none of them would be able to return.”</p>

  <p>When Margaret heard Zhao Hai, she couldn’t help but ask, “Are you thinking about the exam’s tunnel?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “The exam’s tunnel has a large amount of dark energy. If we enter there, we could use dark magic at full strength. And with my summoning magic, they will surely die.”</p>

  <p>Margaret paused for a moment, then she frowned and asked, “But do you know the way to the tunnel? Moreover, that place is quite far from here. Will those people follow?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “Of course they will. They want to kill us. So if we go to a remote place, they will be more than happy to follow. Most importantly, if we attract their attention, the crew will be safe. I reckon the Mage and Warriors attacking us wouldn’t make the crew their priority. Also, I was able to remember the path I went through when I took the exam. Instructor can trust me on this.”</p>

  <p>Margaret nodded, “They wouldn’t attack the crew who can’t use magic. Alright, let’s head there.” She might not be aware of it, but Margaret had already began to blindly trust Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright. Follow me. Let’s break through their encirclement first. Then we’ll run straight towards the tunnel.” He didn’t wait for Margaret to respond as his body suddenly flew. Margaret followed closely behind.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai sped towards the people on the opposite side of the bar. At this time, Zhao Hai took out a magic staff. This staff wasn’t the blood ghost staff. Instead, it was a staff he just recently bought. It was a light element staff.</p>

  <p>When Margaret saw Zhao Hai take out the light element staff, she couldn’t help but stare. Low-level light magic can be said to be the weakest of its rank. Only when it reaches higher levels would light magic be considered very powerful. So why did Zhao Hai take out a light element staff?</p>

  <p>After taking the staff out, Zhao Hai turned to Margaret and said, “Instructor, in a while, make sure to close your eyes.”</p>

  <p>Margaret finally understood what Zhao Hai wanted to do, she couldn’t help but secretly nod. She was already aware that Zhao Hai was an all-element Mage. However, Zhao Hai was still level one, which was the lowest level when it came to Magic Theory. Nevertheless, if Zhao Hai was skillful in his usage of magic, then he was someone that couldn’t be underestimated.</p>

  <p>Magic Theory and lower realm magic were still somewhat related. In the lower realms, all-element Mages were very powerful even at lower levels. However, this was given that they were able to utilize their magic properly. They need to be able to discern which magic was appropriate to use at a certain time.</p>

  <p>Even if a spell wasn’t strong, as long as it is used properly, it could still kill someone. And even if someone could use strong magic, if they didn’t know when to use it, then their efforts would just be wasted. Because of this, there was a saying among Mages, ‘There are no bad spells, only garbage Mages.’</p>

  <p>At this time, the attackers were fully focused on the dark mist. A sudden eruption of light magic from the darkness would certainly disorientate them. Even if it was a low-level spell, the abrupt change in brightness would still blind them. And once they were blinded, they would panic, fully disturbing their encirclement. This would give Zhao Hai and Margaret an opportunity to escape.</p>

  <p>It didn’t take long before the two arrived on the street. Margaret felt two hidden spiritual forces at an intersection nearby. It seems like two Mages were hidden near that place.</p>

  <p>These two spiritual forces were very well hidden. Margaret even failed to notice them before. Even now, if she wasn’t concentrating, she wouldn’t have been able to see them.</p>

  <p>This caused Margaret to be surprised. She was a level 5 Mage, a level most Mages wouldn’t reach in their lifetime. And now, there was Zhao Hai. Was his spiritual force stronger than her’s?</p>

  <p>Without delaying, Zhao Hai waved the staff in his hand as he said, “Burst Light!” And with his voice, a five-layer formation suddenly appeared and then exploded. The explosion emitted an incomparably bright light. This turned everything around him into white. The two Mages who were waiting for them felt a stabbing pain in their eyes before their vision was completely blocked.</p>
</body>
</html>