<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 580: Laying the Cards Out on the Table</h3>

  <p>Upon hearing Billy, Zhao Hai couldn’t help but smile faintly as he said, “That’s not a problem. The place I want to take them isn’t Golden Island, but to my Buda Clan’s true territory. In there, no other people aside from our Buda Clan and the slaves are present.”</p>

  <p>Billy and Juno couldn’t help but stare upon hearing Zhao Hai. Then both of their eyes shone brightly, it didn’t take a while before Juno said, “Did you send your 100 thousand slaves to that place?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai stared for a moment before he smiled faintly and said, “So you knew, right, the slaves were sent to that place. Not only those slaves but our wineries and factories are in that place as well.”</p>

  <p>Billy might not be very clear about it, but Juno knew how many products Zhao Hai sold in the continent. Haven products, Beastmen goods, all of them required a lot of processing.</p>

  <p>Billy was confused, he looked at Zhao Hai and said, “Besides Golden Island, what other territory did the Buda Clan have? I don’t seem to remember the Buda Clan buying other territories in the past two years.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled faintly and said, “We don’t need to buy any land. Our Buda Clan already has an enormous land, wouldn’t it be a pity if we don’t use it? Our territory is as large as the Aksu Empire.”</p>

  <p>Billy and Juno stared, then they immediately reacted. The only territory that Zhao Hai could refer to would be the Black Wasteland. That place was the continent’s biggest territory, one that belonged to the Buda Clan.</p>

  <p>However, Billy and Juno, along with the people of the continent, knew the current situation of the Buda Clan. The two looked at each other before Juno turned to Zhao Hai and asked, “Little Hai, isn’t that area filled with the Carrion Swamp’s poisonous mist? How can people live there?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Any poison has its own antidote. Did the two of you forget where my Magic Staff is from? In a sense, our Buda Clan is already somewhat in control of the Carrion Swamp. When the Buda Clan went to war in the past, the 9th ranks that we have are all from the swamp.”</p>

  <p>Billy and Juno’s bodies shook. They suddenly remembered the Dwarf Race’s prophecy. One of the five Forbidden Areas has been conquered!</p>

  <p>The Divine Artifact has been recognized, and now the Carrion Swamp was under the control of the Buda Clan. Then this meant that they had conquered one of the Forbidden Areas, this was a step to fulfilling the prophecy.</p>

  <p>The two looked at each other and saw the shock on each other’s eyes. Zhao Hai was looking at them in confusion, he knew that they would be shocked, but their reaction was a little bit strange.</p>

  <p>Billy sighed and said, “Heaven’s Will, is this the Heaven’s Will?”</p>

  <p>Juno also sighed as he said, “It seems so. Now we must wait for the news from the Elves.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai was puzzled at the two, so he asked, “What’s wrong? What are you mumbling about?”</p>

  <p>Billy sighed, then he told Zhao Hai about the prophecy of their Dwarf Race. The prophecy was easy to understand, so there was no further explanation needed. Zhao Hai only needed to listen in order to understand.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s expression changed, he knew more than Juno and Billy did about this matter. Juno and Billy didn’t know about the war between the races as well as the Divine Realm.</p>

  <p>Billy looked at Zhao Hai’s expression and thought that it was caused by the prophecy. Therefore, he sighed and said, “Now I think that the King that was mentioned was you. It’s because you’ve already fulfilled two aspects of the prophecy.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled bitterly as he sighed, then he turned to look at the two before saying, “In fact, even if I didn’t know of this prophecy, i know more than the two of you when it comes to this matter. In the Divine Realm….” Then Zhao Hai told them the things about the Gods that he had heard from Iron Hammer.</p>

  <p>After Zhao Hai reiterated everything to Billy, he said, “Actually, I’ve heard all of this from the Artifact Spirit. I’m just afraid that too many people would know, so I asked him to refrain from telling others. Your Dwarves’ Forbidden Land was a place where that God was injured. The blood there wasn’t poisonous, it’s just that the energy contained in it was too strong, people simply cannot bear it. I refrained from telling everyone about this because I suspect that the Radiant Church has relations to a God-ranked expert. If this matter gets spread around, it might reach the ears of the church. If they do, the Gods might send their people ahead of time, far before we have prepared. The strength of the continent is currently lacking. I’m worried that we might lose big in the confrontation. Therefore, I intend to go back and research the God’s Blood and see if I can produce a potion that may improve ranks and train a lot of 9th ranks. If we accomplish this, then we may have a fighting chance against the people from the Divine Realm. I just didn’t expect the Dwarves to have this prophecy. It’s surely the will of the heavens!”</p>

  <p>The heads of Billy and Juno couldn’t help but turn blank after listening to Zhao Hai. They weren’t expecting this influx of information, it seems like they needed to prepare.</p>

  <p>After some time, Billy recovered. He stood up and said, “So it’s actually the Radiant Church. I always thought that these people are rotten eggs. So it turns out that they have this motive.”</p>

  <p>Juno’s expression was also ugly as he said, “I think that Little Hai’s suspicion is highly probable. The things that the Radiant Church has been doing recently cannot be justified. If they really do have a background, just like what Little Hai said, then this matter has turned quite dangerous. If people from the Divine Realm send people down, then it would be very troublesome.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai sighed and said, “Not only that, besides the Radiant Church, there is also the Engraved Ark. I don’t know what kind of organization they are, but it seems like they are hell bent on the destruction of the continent. In the past, when the Divine Realm sent a God-ranked expert down, that person managed to damage the three Divine Artifacts sent down to defeat him. I need to repair those two other Artifacts in order to improve our chances of coming out on top. However, even if I repair those artifacts, I think that it would still be very hard for us, seeing that the Divine Realm already knows that we possess those three Artifacts. When they come, I’m fairly certain that they would bring countermeasures in order to deal with those.”</p>

  <p>Juno and Billy frowned, their expression weren’t very attractive. The matters that were involved in this was just too big. They simply cannot handle this just by themselves.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at the two and said, “I think we’re fine for now. We just need to find solutions in order to deal with it. I’m requesting Patriarch Billy to come in contact with the Elves as soon as possible while I go to the Beastmen and see their Beast God’s Spear. If possible, I’ll go and fix their Artifact. When that time comes, we can get ourselves more leeway. But the most important thing right now is to keep this matter a secret. We can’t tell anyone, even the people that we trust. These words would only stay inside this room. What do the two of you think?”</p>

  <p>Billy and Juno thought for a moment before they succumbed to the fact that they had nothing to solve this matter with in the meantime. So the can only sigh and say, “Alright, it seems like this is the only thing that we can do at this moment.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at their faces and smiled faintly, “You two don’t need to worry too much. Our Buda Clan’s potion making is very advanced. Perhaps we can make use of the God’s Blood and prepare some potions in order to mass produce 9th rank experts. When that time comes, then we would be able to deal with the attack coming from the Divine Realm.”</p>

  <p>Billy and Juno couldn’t help but bitterly smile, they understood that those words were only said in order to console them. Then suddenly, Billy’s eyes shone, he turned to Zhao Hai and said, “Mister Zhao Hai, the prophecy included the Five Forbidden Areas. In other words, if mister can conquer those five, then you might come to find some benefits that can help in dealing with this matter.”</p>

  <p>Juno’s eyes turned bright as well, “Right, Little Hai, you might as well do that. If you can do that, then we would have more confidence in confronting the Gods. Do you think you can do that with your current ability?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai were thinking about their proposals. Actually, he also wanted to explore those five areas, but he just didn’t have the time. But after this meeting, it seems like Zhao Hai really does need to explore the Five Forbidden Areas. But before he explores those places, he wanted to go and visit the Elven Forest first.</p>

  <p>After thinking about this, Zhao Hai nodded and said, “Alright, I will certainly go if given the opportunity. But I need to see the Beastmen first and see whether I can fix their Beast God’s Spear. Patriarch Billy should also get news from the Elves while seeing if they can allow me to fix their Elven Bow. After completing these, I think it wouldn’t be too late before I can explore those Forbidden Areas.”</p>

  <p>Billy nodded and said, “Alright, then it’s settled. I’ll send word to the Elves as soon as possible. I’ll ask for the Elven Bow first before asking about their Tree of LIfe. If their Tree did indeed dry up or has any problems, then the prophecy might as well be realized.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai and Juno nodded. The hearts of the three felt quite heavy, not because of anything else but the matters of the Divine Realm. These people represent the pinnacle of strength in the Continent. If they go against this legend one day, then they would need a lot of firepower. This was the Divine Realm, they cannot be underestimated.</p>
</body>
</html>