<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 848: Having a Meal with the Demons</h3>

  <p>Zhao Hai and the others returned to the Space. Then after looking at the Divine Race for some time, Zhao Hai sighed and said, “Cai’er, arrange some undead to repair the defensive line. Also, have some people collect plants and animals from the Divine Realm. No matter what, we need to increase the plant reserves of the Space.” Cai’er nodded and then went on to take care of it. At this time, Zhao Hai suddenly feel his messenger fish move. He took a look at it and saw that it was connected to the Great Demon King.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai held his messenger fish and immediately said, “Your Majesty, do you need me for something?” Then the Great Demon King’s happy voice was heard, “Mister, all of the Demons had already move into the Space. Mister can now close the spatial rift. Also, I want to invite mister over for a feast. I know mister has a lot of things, but I want to ask you to taste the food of the Demon Realm.” Zhao Hai stared, he didn’t expect the Demons to move this quickly. Actually, the reason why the Demons were slow was because of the magic beasts. Now that the beast tide has passed, the Demons had little to worry about. This caused their speed to quicken.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai immediately gave his response, “Alright, I will certainly go. Your Majesty can rest assured.” Then he stored the messenger fish before looking at Laura and the others. He smiled faintly and said, “I wonder what the food of the Demon Realm tastes like.” Laura smiled as well and said, “I haven’t eaten their food before. So what do we do? Do we go now?” Zhao Hai smiled and said, “Yeah. Right, we need to prepare some gifts.” Zhao Hai’s gift wasn’t expensive, only some magic beasts and all sorts of wine.</p>

  <p>Any race would like these things. Moreover, although they weren’t precious to Zhao Hai, they still held some value to the Demons.</p>

  <p>The Space was currently rich with things. Although it lacked gold coins, it was only because they still haven’t emptied the warehouse. If they sold the things in the warehouse, then Zhao Hai &#160;would definitely earn a load of money. However, there was only a small advantage in selling those things in the Space. And even if Zhao Hai wasn’t rich, he still had ample money to spend on things.</p>

  <p>Not being able to purchase the ten magic backgrounds and 20 ordinary backgrounds was no big deal for Zhao Hai. Most of these places would only be used to grow plants and animals, and there was no need to rush it right now.</p>

  <p>The reason why Zhao Hai wanted to upgrade the Space in the past was because he wanted to train God-ranks. But now, the need for God-ranks wasn’t as great as before. At this time, there were several millions of God-ranks in the Space. Also, there were some undead in the hell background who had broken through. Zhao Hai was in no need for additional God-ranks at this point.</p>

  <p>After preparing his gifts, Zhao Hai led Laura and the others to the Demon Space. Upon arriving, Zhao Hai can see the Devil’s Chariot and Sword Carriage up in the air. Both of them were waiting for Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>When the Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King saw Zhao Hai and his wives,they immediately went forward and gave a salute, “Mister, welcome!” Zhao Hai hastile returned the salute, “Your Majesty, Demon Dragon, you’re too polite. Right, let me introduce you to my wives….” The Great Demon King didn’t expect to see a Demon among Zhao Hai’s wives. He stared at Berry and then said, “i didn’t think mister would have a Demon as his wife. Madame, are you a Demon from the Demon Realm?” The Demon Dragon King forced a smile as he gave a reply, “Your Majesty, madame is someone we sent to guard the Demonic Abyss. I believe madame is named Berry?” Berry gave the Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King a salute. Then she smiled faintly and said, “I have seen Your Majesty and the Demon Dragon King. I am indeed named Berry.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled and said, “You should know about the custom of the Succubus Clan. I broke Berry’s spiritual attack, so she took me as her husband. Hehe. Right, you have to thank Berry. If not for her, I wouldn’t have been confident in taking the Demons to the Space.”</p>

  <p>When the Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King heard this, they immediately gave Berry a salute. They were thankful to Berry. To the Demons, the Space was literally Heaven.</p>

  <p>Berry was a clever woman, she understood that Zhao Hai only did this in order to elevate her face. Therefore, she didn’t say anything.</p>

  <p>After exchanging their greetings, Zhao Hai said, “Alright, we shouldn’t be too formal here. Didn’t you invite me to a meal? Let’s go eat.” When the Great Demon King and Demon Dragon King heard this, they couldn’t help but chuckle. Then the Great Demon King said, “Alright, then let’s go down.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai smiled, then he said, “I’ve brought some gifts as well. Here.” Then he took the magic beasts and liquor out.</p>

  <p>Besides these, Zhao Hai also used this opportunity to give grain seeds and vegetable seeds. Also, he provided some methods of raising magic beasts. And lastly, there were methods of making liquor.</p>

  <p>In the past, the Demons were living in the material-poor Demon Realm. Cultivating plants was mostly non existent in that plane. Moreover, most of the plants there were poisonous. Their seeds might be edible, but the plants themselves couldn’t be grown on one’s house, it was a potential hazard to those around it.</p>

  <p>Naturally, the Great Demon King knew how important these things were to the Demons. He took a look at these things and then suddenly bowed to Zhao Hai, “I represent all the Demons in expressing our gratitude!” Zhao Hai quickly waved his hand and said, “It’s fine. These are things I ought to do. I got you into the Space. You have to treat your neighbors properly, right? There’s no need to be too polite” At this time, the Demon Dragon King suddenly said, “Mister, don’t you need some gold right now?” Zhao Hai stared, he looked puzzled at Demon Dragon as he asked, “Demon Dragon, what do you mean? Do you have a lot of gold?”</p>

  <p>Demon Dragon forced a smile and said, “Mister, you might not know, but gold is completely useless in the Demon Realm. We have several gold ore deposits in the Demon Realm, and they are high-grade ores as well. We Demons only use gold to make our weapons look more terrifying. I seem to have heard that gold is very useful in the Ark Continent. If mister needs some gold, then Me and His Majesty can point some areas out for you.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gawked, then he turned to look at the Great Demon King. The Great Demon King smiled bitterly and said, “Mister, I forgot out it. Demon Dragon King is telling the truth. The Demon Realm has a lot of various ores. If mister needs them, we can give you their locations.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai couldn’t help but laugh as he said, “Alright, that would be great. To be honest, I really need gold right now. How about this, I’ll get you a map of the Demon Realm tomorrow. You can just mark those places there and I’ll get them myself. I want everything!” When the Great Demon King heard this, he wasn’t offended, instead he said, “Alright, mister can rest assured. We will certainly mark everything, we won’t miss a spot.” Zhao Hai laughed once more before following the Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King.</p>

  <p>This place wasn’t the Great Demon King’s new palace, it was just a place where Demons had grouped up. There were no construction projects here, only Demons gathering around.</p>

  <p>These Demons were the first soldiers to enter the Space. At this point, they had already settled their people. They only came here to greet Zhao Hai.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai looked at everyone. Then he smiled faintly and said, “Everyone is here. It seems like you really want me to have a good feast. But with so many people, I’m afraid I won’t be able to eat everything.”</p>

  <p>Contrary to what Zhao Hai imagined, the people didn’t laugh, everyone just stayed silent. Zhao Hai saw this and didn’t know what to do, he even felt a little embarrassed.</p>

  <p>At this time, the Demons simultaneously knelt. Then the knocked their heads to the ground and loudly shouted, “Thank you, mister!” Then they knocked their heads once more and shouted, “Thank you, mister!”….</p>

  <p>After knocking their heads nine times, they stopped. Zhao Hai looked at the Demons and couldn’t help but get teary eyed. He was moved by their action. He calmed himself down as he looked at the Demons and said, “Alright, everyone, don’t be too polite. Now that you’ve entered the Space, we’re already part of one family. Don’t be too respectful to me. Just be yourself, I’m just here to taste some dishes that you made.”</p>

  <p>The Demons laughed and then prepared the food. At this time, Zhao Hai turned to the Great Demon King and the Demon Dragon King and said, “Next time, don’t let them do that. It scares me a lot.”</p>

  <p>The Great Demon King smiled and said, “Everyone just wanted to express their gratitude. Moreover, I didn’t plan this thing, they did it themselves. I wouldn’t be able to stop them.” Zhao Hai smiled bitterly and didn’t say anything else. After the group found a place to sit down, Zhao Hai turned to the Great Demon King and said, “Your Majesty, I need you to take your devil’s chariot and help me in the next two days. I want to attack the Divine Race’s Holy Light City. However, the ship I just acquired was being refined and needs two days before I can use it. I’ll need to depend on you until that time.”</p>
</body>
</html>