<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h3>Chapter 674: Blood Void</h3>

  <p>Although this was already speculated on the continent, hearing it from the mouth of a Demon still shocked Zhao Hai. It turned out to be true.</p>

  <p>The Demon enjoyed Zhao Hai’s surprised appearance, he laughed and then gnashed his teeth as he said, “When we discovered the crack towards Ark Continent in the past, we sent people in order to investigate it. And we found out that the Ark Continent is much better than the Demon Realm. There is warm sunshine here, clean water, green grass, and endless food. For such a good place to be inhabited by inferior creatures is unforgivable. So we launched a war against the continent.”</p>

  <p>Then the Demon’s face couldn’t help but change to hatred, “However, we didn’t think that the Ark Continent would have a strange law, disallowing God-ranked demons to come here. In the end, our Demon Race’s army got defeated by the lower lifeforms. But before returning to the Demon Realm, we left a spatial rift in the Demonic Abyss.”</p>

  <p>After speaking about the spatial rift, the Demon’s face turned proud as he said, “That spatial rift wasn’t big, but it was quite carefully made that it would evade the notice of the Humans. This allowed us to investigate the situation in the Ark Continent. And then, more than a thousand years ago, His Majesty the Demon King decided to launch a second great war. In order to prepare for this war, a large enough spatial rift would need to be prepared. Therefore, for a thousand years, we prepared this Blood Void in order to enlarge the spatial crack. But if we want to use the Blood Void, we would need to have enough blood. Killing Humans would be detrimental to our plans, therefore we decided to use the magic beasts and the Dragons in Accra Mountain.”</p>

  <p>After speaking up to here, the Demon looked at Zhao Hai and smiled, “For this plan, we dug out a huge space below Accra Mountain then established the Blood Void in this place. Digging the place up and establishing the Blood Void took us nearly a thousand years. And in the process, we discovered that the Dragons were subordinates of people called the Divine Race. And their purpose was to take the Ark Continent as well. So how could we make them succeed? The Ark Continent is ours, that is certain. We already have plans on how to deal with them, but you came and attacked the Dragons. You really are ruthless, but killing all the magic beasts in the Accra Mountain saved us a lot of trouble. Hahaha. To be honest, you’re quite good. If you were someone from the Demon Realm, then you would’ve gained a high position.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai’s expression was quite difficult. He didn’t think that his action of eliminating the Dragons would actually help the Demons. Moreover, the Demons hadn’t been in the continent for a short time. They had been here for more than a thousand years.</p>

  <p>The Demon looked at Zhao Hai’s expression, he got more excited as he laughed and said, “With all these blood, the operation has become a success. When the rift opens, an army from the Demon Realm shal arrive in the Ark Continent, killing the lower beings and occupying it for our own use!”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai coldly snorted and said, “Keep dreaming. Even if you can open the rift, what significance would that have? Your God-ranked experts are still unable to reach the continent. Do you want to rely on your army to conquer the continent? You’re being too naive.”</p>

  <p>The Demon coldly snorted and said, “You’re the one being naive. Do you really think that your human armies can go against the people of the Demon Realm? We Demons grew up killing, every member of my race is an outstanding soldier. With just your Human army, how could you defend against the Demons?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai snorted, “Hmph, I alone have an undead army of tens of millions. There’s no need for Human armies, I am sufficient enough to deal with your Demon Race.”</p>

  <p>The Demon laughed and said, “Right, right, what you say is true. You really are quite strong. But you underestimate our Demon army. Your undead might be strong, but we have our own strong undead as well, at the very least, they can defend against your undead. Most importantly, you will die today. And with your death, your undead army shall vanish as well. So when our Demon army comes, how can the Humans cope with us, given how disunited they are?”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai snickered, “Are you really convinced that you can deal with me?”</p>

  <p>The Demon laughed, “I know that you’re able to do Space Magic along with your undead magic. But what you don’t know is that the Blood Void not only opens spatial rifts, it locks space as well. Even if your undead are strong, you cannot call them over here. And although you are a 9th rank, we are 9th ranks as well. You cannot escape today.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai coldly smiled and said, “That might not be true. To thank for your information, I shall allow you to be an undead and then join my own army.”</p>

  <p>Then Zhao Hai waved his hand as large quantities of undead appeared inside the space. Then they threw themselves over to the Demons.</p>

  <p>The Demons present looked at Zhao Hai releasing his undead with shocked faces. The lead Demon looked at Zhao Hai and said, “This is impossible. How can you summon undead? The Blood Void should have imprisoned the space here!”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai sneered and said, “Whether you can imprison my Space or not isn’t something for you to decide. If my Space can easily be locked, then I would’ve already died long ago.”</p>

  <p>The Demon looked at Zhao Hai with grief, while blocking the undead, the Demon said, “Even if you can kill us, the Blood Void had already succeeded. It will show its effects and when our Demon army comes through the rift, you shall die.”</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai coldly snorted and said, “I already knew that your Demon army would come. I just didn’t expect it to be quick. It doesn’t matter, the Ark continent is ours, and nobody can take it away.” Then Zhao Hai waved his hand as a clump of black gas flew out and surrounded the bodies of the Dragons and lesser dragons, turning them into undead.</p>

  <p>The Demon looked at Zhao Hai’s action and couldn’t help but get more angry. He knew that even if the Blood Void succeeded, it still needs more blood in order to reach its peak. The blood of these corpses were enough to sustain that. If the blood of these Dragons were to get drained into the Blood Void, then the Blood Void would be bigger. But now that Zhao Hai had turned them into undead, the Blood Void would be smaller than expected.</p>

  <p>However, the Demons were entangled by the undead, so they couldn’t do anything about it right now. The lead Demon clenched his teeth, he knew this operation cannot fail. Otherwise, the Demons would have no chance in conquering the Ark Continent.</p>

  <p>At the thought of this, he gave a command to his fellow Demons. Then the other Demons surrounded him as they continued to block the undead. Then the lead Demon started to mumble a spell.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knew that the Blood Void needed to be stopped, but the undead attacks did nothing. This formation seems to be invincible, there was no way to damage it. If this Blood Void continues, then the Demons would have an avenue to attack the continent. When that time comes, the Humans would certainly suffer some losses.</p>

  <p>Therefore, Zhao Hai decided to move, he has the strength of a God, so he should be able to deal with these Demons.</p>

  <p>But through this fight, Zhao Hai also discovered that the fighting strength of these Demons was quite strong. His undead were 9th ranks, their strength wasn’t something that common 9th ranks could endure. But these Demons were able to block the attacks of these undead, and were also able to do it for quite a long time. This was something that Zhao Hai didn’t expect.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai knew that he couldn’t delay this fight for much longer. His staff changed into a blood red sword, then his body moved and appeared on the side of a Demon. After that, he swung his sword towards its neck. The Demon responded quite quickly, his body immediately went down as the two horns on his head moved towards Zhao Hai. At the same time, the Demon’s tail went for Zhao Hai’s heart, like a snake with exposed fangs.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai coldly snorted, then he moved his sword and swung downward. This move was too fast that the Demon wasn’t able to dodge it at all. The Demon’s head was sliced by Zhao Hai, cutting it in half along the middle.</p>

  <p>But what Zhao Hai didn’t expect was when his sword sliced the Demon’s head, it didn’t die right away. The Demon moved its hand and caught Zhao Hai’s sword, its tail continued on to penetrate towards Zhao Hai’s heart.</p>

  <p>Zhao Hai gawked, he didn’t think that these Demons would actually have this much vitality. Its life force was so strong that it could still move despite already being killed.</p>

  <p>However, Zhao Hai wasn’t afraid, he moved his hand and shrunk his sword into a shorter one, removing it from the grasp of the demon. At the same time, he also went to the side of another Demon, dodging the tail in the process. Then he went on and swung his sword to the other Demon.</p>
</body>
</html>