<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h1 style="text-align: center;">Bringing The Farm To Live In Another World</h1>

  <h5 class="sigil_not_in_toc" style="text-align: center;">(带着农场混异界)</h5>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc" style="text-align: center;">Chapter</h3>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc" style="text-align: center;">0001-1310</h3>

  <h4 class="sigil_not_in_toc" style="text-align: center;">Ming Yu</h4>

  <h4 class="sigil_not_in_toc" style="text-align: center;">(明宇)</h4>

  <p><em>Story Description:</em></p>

  <p><br/></p>

  <blockquote style="margin: 0 0 0 40px; border: none; padding: 0px;">
    <p>A series about a man who awakens in a strange land to find himself in the body of a complete waste of human life. He has to try to help rebuild a family that has fallen to only himself and his few retainers. As the first arc of the story it grows and becomes an epic journey of adapting to new land while crippled by a drug he was forced to ingest as he was banished to a wasteland by the old nobles of the capital after his family sided with the wrong heir to the throne in line for succession.</p>

    <p>His only aid in this unfamiliar world is a strange ability that was present when he awoke in his new body. He’s got the ability to enter a world that is basically a farming simulation game, except all of the food is usable in the outside world. For someone stuck in a wasteland, only this cheat will help him survive and move forward in this unfamiliar world along with his few loyal retainers as he tries to rebuild a fallen family. Farming, selling crops, trying to find a way forward with a body that’s crippled.</p>

    <p>Follow the journey of Zhao Hai as he lives his life in a magical world filled with intrigue, farming, business, more farming, and other exciting non farming things, followed by farming and cultivation.</p>
  </blockquote>

  <p><br/></p>

  <p>Original Story can be found here: <a href="http://www.qidian.com/Book/1867311.aspx" target="_blank">Link</a></p>
</body>
</html>