<?xml version="1.0"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
  <head>
		<title>Chapter 1</title>
        <link title="theme" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/style.css" />
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="application/vnd.adobe-page-template+xml" href="../Styles/page-template.xpgt" />
	</head>
	<body>									
		<div epub:type="chapter">
			<p class="chapter">CHAPTER ONE</p>
			<h1 class="chapter-title">SALVATION</h1>
			<div class="chapter-desc">A NEW START</div>

<br/>
			<p class="p-verse">Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation; the old has passed away; behold, the new has come.</p>
			<p class="book-name-italicized">2 Corinthians 5:17</p>	
			
			<p class="p-norm">A new creation. A fresh start. For all of us who have ever wished we could start over, this is good news. However, before we can really appreciate this good news, we need to understand exactly why we need to start over. Why do we need to become a "new creation?" Why do we need salvation?</p>

<br/>
			<p class="p-title">The Problem:
<br/>
Separation Because of Our Sin</p>
			<p class="p-norm">There is an immeasurable gap separating God and man. The cause of this eternal separation between God and man is sin.</p>

			<p class="p-norm">Have you ever felt distant from God? We all have. Feeling far from God is very common. Many who sense this vast separation suppose that if they meditate harder, learn more about their religion, or just step into a religious sanctuary, they would be closer to God. But since our separation from God is not physical or intellectual, neither meditation nor knowledge can bring us any closer to God. What causes the separation between God and man?</p>

<br/>
			<p class="p-verse"><sup>1</sup>Behold, the Lord's hand is not shortened, that it cannot hear; <sup>2</sup>but your iniquities have made a separation between you and your God, your sins have hidden his face from you so that he does not hear.</p>
			<p class="p-author">Isaiah 59:1,2</p>

			<p class="p-norm">The separation between God and man is a moral separation. God is holy; man is not. God is good; man is not. God is just; man is not. All men have sinned; therefore, all are eternally separated from God. All will suffer the consequences of sin, which is eternal death.</p>

<br/>
			<p class="p-verse">. . . for all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God . . .</p>
			<p class="p-author">Romans 3:23</p>	

<br/>
			<p class="p-verse">For the wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord.</p>
			<p class="p-author">Romans 6:23</p>	

<br/>
			<p class="p-title">The Solution:
<br/>
God's Sacrifice and Substitution</p>
			<p class="p-norm">The justice of God demands a sacrifice for man's sin. Jesus Christ became that sacrifice and paid the penalty for our sin at the cross.</p>

			<p class="p-norm">Since God is holy, righteous, and just, He could not allow sin to go unpunished. Since He is loving and compassionate, He did not want all of mankind to be eternally separated from Him. The divine solution to this problem was for Jesus, God's only Son, to become the sacrifice for sin.</p>

<br/>
			<p class="p-verse"><sup>26</sup>. . . for then he would have had to suffer repeatedly since the foundation of the world. But as it is, he has appeared once for all at the end of the ages to put away sin by the sacrifice of himself. <sup>27</sup>And just as it is appointed for man to die once, and after that comes judgement, <sup>28</sup>so Christ, having been offered once to bear the sins of many, will appear a second time, not to deal with sin but to save those who are eagerly waiting him.</p>
			<p class="p-author">Hebrews 9:26-28</p>

			<p class="p-norm">What exactly happened on the cross? Through His death on the cross, Jesus took our place and our punishment. He exchanged His righteousness for our sin. He took our curse and gave us His blessings. Because of His sinless life, Jesus was the only one qualified to pay the penalty for man's sin and to bridge the gap between God and man.</p>

<br/>
			<p class="p-verse">For our sake he made him to be sin who knew no sin, so that in him we might become the righteousness of God.</p>
			<p class="p-author">2 Corinthians 5:21</p>	
			
<br/>
			<p class="p-verse">Christ redeemed us from the curse of the law by becoming a curse for us--for it is written, "Cursed is everyone who is hanged on a tree."</p>
			<p class="p-author">Galatians 3:13</p>	
			
<br/>
			<p class="p-title">The Result:<br/>
Our Salvation and Reconciliation</p>
			<p class="p-norm">Christ died on the cross so that we could receive forgiveness of our sins, be reconciled to God, and have eternal life.</p>

			<p class="p-norm">We have all sinned against a holy and righteous God. The penalty for sin is eternal separation from God in hell. God is just and must punish sin. He is also loving and does not want us to go to hell forever. Therefore, He sent His Son, Jesus Christ, to pay the penalty for sin by dying on the cross. Because of His sinless life, death could not hold Jesus. He was raised from the dead on the third day. In Christ, we experience forgiveness for our sins and eternal life. In Him we are restored to right standing before God and given a new life as His children.</p>

<br/>
			<p class="p-verse">"For God so loved the world, that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life."</p>
			<p class="p-author">John 3:16</p>	
			
<br/>
			<p class="p-verse">In him we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of our trespasses, according to the riches of his grace . . .</p>
			<p class="p-author">Ephesians 1:7</p>

<br/>
			<p class="p-verse">But now in Christ Jesus you who once were far off have been brought near by the blood of Christ.</p>
			<p class="p-author">Ephesians 2:13</p>	
			
<br/>
			<p class="p-title">The Response:<br/> Receive God's Gift by Faith</p>
			<p class="p-norm">We receive salvation when we stop trusting in ourselves and put our trust in what Christ did for us.</p>
			
			<p class="p-norm">Our salvation is a result of God's grace. It is based on what Jesus did for us on the cross. It has nothing to do with what we do for Him. We cannot save ourselves or earn God's approval through the good works we do. We are saved by God's grace when we realize our need for a Savior, turn from sin, and receive Jesus Christ as Lord and Savior, putting our trust in Him alone for salvation.</p>

<br/>
			<p class="p-verse"><sup>9</sup>... if you confess with your mouth that Jesus is Lord and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved. <sup>10</sup>For with the heart one believes and justified, and with the mouth one confesses and is saved.</p>
			<p class="p-author">Romans 10:9,10</p>	
			
<br/>
			<p class="p-verse"><sup>8</sup>For by grace you have been saved through faith. And this is not your own doing; it is the gift of God, <sup>9</sup>and not a result of works, so that no one may boast.</p>
			<p class="p-author">Ephesians 2:8,9</p>	

			<div id="question-bar">PERSONAL APPLICATION</div>
			<div id="p-app">
				<ul>
					<li>Have you stopped trusting in yourself and started trusting in Christ alone for salvation?</li>
					<li>Have you turned away from all known sin?</li>
					<li>Have you confessed Jesus as the Lord and Master of your life?</li>
					<li>Are you willing to follow and obey Him for the rest of your life?</li>
				</ul>
			</div>

<br/>
			<p class="p-title">Prayer for Salvation</p>
			<p class="p-norm">Heavenly Father . . . I acknowledge that the separation between us . . . is because of my sin . . . I confess that I have sinned . . . and have fallen far short of Your glory . . . I thank You that You sent Your Son, Jesus . . . to pay the penalty for my sin . . . I believe that He died on the cross for me . . . I believe that You raised Him from the dead . . . I am sorry for my sins . . . and I ask You to forgive and cleanse me . . . I want to turn away from everything the Bible calls sin . . . and receive You as my Lord, Master, and Savior . . . help me to love, serve, and obey You . . . for the rest of my life . . . in Jesus' name . . . Amen!</p>

<br/>
			<p class="p-title">A New Life</p>
			<p class="p-norm">If you have sincerely prayed that prayer, the Bible promises that the old has gone and the new has come! The next five lessons will introduce you to some of the new things that have come.</p>
		</div>
	</body>	
</html>
