<?xml version="1.0"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
  <head>
		<title>Chapter 6</title>
        <link title="theme" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/style.css" />
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="application/vnd.adobe-page-template+xml" href="../Styles/page-template.xpgt" />
	</head>
	<body>									
		<div epub:type="chapter">
			<p class="chapter">CHAPTER SIX</p>
			<h1 class="chapter-title">THE CHURCH</h1>
			<div class="chapter-desc">NEW RELATIONSHIPS</div>

<br/>
			<p class="p-verse"><sup>16</sup>Simon Peter replied, "You are the Christ, the Son of the living God." <sup>17</sup>And Jesus answered him, "Blessed are you, Simon Bar-Jonah! For flesh and blood has not revealed this to you, but my Father who is in heaven. <sup>18</sup>And I tell you, you are Peter, and on this rock I will build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it."</p>
			<p class="book-name-italicized">Matthew16:16-18</p>	
			
			<p class="p-norm">Through a revelation of the Holy Spirit, Peter confessed the true identity of Jesus, the Son of God. Jesus said this truth would be the foundation stone that His church would be built on. He also described the type of church He would build, a victorious church that would overcome the kingdom of darkness. Jesus and Paul used the word "church" in reference to the people of God. Church never referred to a religious building. Following are four benefits of being part of a local church.</p>

<br/>
			<p class="p-title">Friendship</p>
			<p class="p-norm">Real friends. Everyone needs them. Few find them. The best place to look for a real friend is in the church, the people of God. True friends are those who have our best interest in mind. They stick with us through thick and thin. Real friends never lead us away from God. Instead, they provoke us to godliness.</p>
			
<br/>
			<p class="p-verse">A friend loves at all times, and a brother is born for adversity.</p>
			<p class="p-author">Proverbs 17:17</p>	
			
<br/>
			<p class="p-verse">A man of many companions may come to ruin, but there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother.</p>
			<p class="p-author">Proverbs 18:24</p>	
			
<br/>
			<p class="p-title">Fellowship</p>
			<p class="p-norm">If a piece of burning coal is removed from the fire, it will cool off. If it is put back in the middle of a pile of red-hot coals, it will burn again. The same is true of Christians. If a Christian is removed from fellowship with other red-hot Christians, he will cool off spiritually. If a Christian stays in fellowship, he will stay on fire for God.</p>
			
<br/>
			<p class="p-verse"><sup>42</sup>And they devoted themselves to the apostles' teaching and the fellowship, to the breaking of bread and the prayers. . . . <sup>44</sup>And all who believed were together and had all things in common. <sup>45</sup>And they were selling their possessions and belongings and distributing the proceeds to all, as any had need. <sup>46</sup>And day by day, attending the temple together and breaking bread in their homes, they received their food with glad and generous hearts . . .</p>
			<p class="p-author">Acts 2:42,44-46</p>	
		
<br/>
			<p class="p-verse">Do not be unequally yoked with unbelievers. For what partnership has righteousness with lawlessness? Or what fellowship has light with darkness?</p>
			<p class="p-author">2 Corinthians 6:14</p>	
			
<br/>
			<p class="p-title">Worship</p>
			<p class="p-norm">God is looking for sincere worshipers. Worship is simply the expression of our love, devotion, and commitment to God.</p>
			
<br/>
			<p class="p-verse"><sup>23</sup>"But the hour is coming, and is now here, when the true worshipers will worship the Father in spirit and truth, for the Father is seeking such people to worship him. <sup>24</sup> God is spirit, and those who worship him must worship in spirit and truth."</p>
			<p class="p-author">John 4:23,24</p>	
			
<br/>
			<p class="p-title">Discipleship</p>
			<p class="p-norm">The last command Jesus gave His followers before He ascended to heaven was to go and make disciples, to baptize these disciples, and to teach them how to obey God's Word. Therefore, we should first be disciples or followers of Jesus, then we should teach others to follow Him.</p>
			
<br/>
			<p class="p-verse"><sup>19</sup>"Go therefore and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in[a] the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, <sup>20</sup>teaching them to observe all that I have commanded you. And behold, I am with you always, to the end of the age."</p>
			<p class="p-author">Matthew 28:19,20</p>	
			
<br/>
			<p class="p-verse">... and what you have heard from me in the presence of many witnesses entrust to faithful men[a] who will be able to teach others also.</p>
			<p class="p-author">2 Timothy 2:2</p>	

			<div id="question-bar">PERSONAL APPLICATION</div>
			<div id="p-app">
				<ul>
					<li>Are you being discipled, either one-to-one or in a small group setting?</li>
					<li>Are you making disciples? Who are you teaching to obey God's Word?</li>
					<li>Are you an active member of a local church?</li>
					<li>Name three Christians you can call for help in case of a spiritual emergency.</li>
				</ul>
			</div>
		</div>
	</body>	
</html>