<?xml version="1.0"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
  <head>
		<title>Chapter 3</title>
        <link title="theme" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/style.css" />
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="application/vnd.adobe-page-template+xml" href="../Styles/page-template.xpgt" />
	</head>
	<body>									
		<div epub:type="chapter">
			<p class="chapter">CHAPTER THREE</p>
			<h1 class="chapter-title">REPENTANCE</h1>
			<div class="chapter-desc">A NEW DIRECTION</div>

<br/>
			<p class="p-verse">And Peter said to them, "Repent and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the forgiveness of your sins, and you will receive the gift of the Holy Spirit."</p>
			<p class="book-name-italicized">Acts 2:38</p>	
			
			<p class="p-norm">Driving a car in the wrong direction on a one-way street is foolish and dangerous. Some drive the wrong way out of ignorance; others out of rebellion. There is a spiritual parallel. Whether out of ignorance or rebellion, we are all on a dangerous one-way street that will ultimately lead to eternal separation from God. Until we turn around (repent) and begin following Christ, every step we take is a step in the wrong direction--a step away from God.</p>

<br/>
			<p class="p-title">Repentance, Grief, and Fruit</p>
			<p class="p-norm">Real repentance begins when we are truly sorry for our sins. This "godly grief" makes no excuses, takes full responsibility, and never places blame on people, society, or circumstances. It acknowledges that our sin is primarily against God. Godly grief produces true repentance and a changed life.</p>

<br/>
			<p class="p-verse">For godly grief produces a repentance that leads to salvation without regret, whereas worldly grief produces death. </p>
			<p class="p-author">2 Corinthians 7:10</p>	
			
<br/>
			<p class="p-verse">I acknowledged my sin to you, and I did not cover my iniquity; I said, "I will confess my transgressions to the Lord," and you forgave the iniquity of my sin</p>
			<p class="p-author">Psalm 32:5</p>

			<p class="p-norm">On the other hand, "worldly grief" only produces excuses. While godly grief is having a broken heart when we realize we have offended a holy God, worldly grief is being sorry we got caught, or being sorry we have to suffer the consequences of sin. The ultimate difference between godly grief and worldly grief is the fruit. Worldly grief never produces the fruit of a changed life; it only produces spiritual death.</p>

<br/>
			<p class="p-verse">". . . they should repent and turn to God, performing deeds in keeping with their repentance."</p>
			<p class="p-author">Acts 26:20</p>

<br/>
			<p class="p-verse">Bear fruit in keeping with repentance.</p>
			<p class="p-author">Matthew 3:8</p>	

<br/>
			<p class="p-title">Repentance and Forgiveness</p>
			<p class="p-norm">The parable of the prodigal son in Luke 15:11-24 is a beautiful picture of true repentance. The wayward son came to his senses, turned his back on his folly, and returned to his father. He made a 180 degree turn around, walking away from his former life of sin and rebellion. His father forgave him for his offenses and received him back. In the same way, our Heavenly Father is faithful to forgive us when we turn to Him and repent of our sins.</p>

<br/>
			<p class="p-verse"><sup>19</sup>"Repent therefore, and turn back, that your sins may be blotted out, <sup>20</sup>that times of refreshing may come from the presence of the Lord..."</p>
			<p class="p-author">Acts 3:19,20</p>	
			
			<p class="p-norm">Ever had a stain on your shirt that you couldn't wash out? Imagine a stain remover that would not only remove the stain, but would make the shirt just like new again. That's what happens when we repent and receive Jesus as our Lord and Savior. He not only cleans the sin's stain of guilt and shame from our hearts, He gives us a new heart.</p>

<br/>
			<p class="p-verse">If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.</p>
			<p class="p-author">1 John 1:9</p>
	
<br/>
			<p class="p-title">The Importance of Forgiving Others</p>
			<p class="p-norm">Just as we received forgiveness from God, we are now commanded by God to forgive those who have sinned against us.</p>
<br/>
			<p class="p-verse"><sup>21</sup>Then Peter came up and said to him, "Lord, how often will my brother sin against me, and I forgive him? As many as seven times?" <sup>22</sup>Jesus said to him, "I do not say to you seven times, but seventy-seven times."</p>
			<p class="p-author">Matthew 18:21,22</p>
			
			<p class="p-norm">But if we refuse to forgive, the Bible says that we will be defiled by a "root of bitterness", which will cause trouble.</p>
			
<br/>
			<p class="p-verse">See to it that no one fails to obtain the grace of God; that no "root of bitterness" springs up and causes trouble, and by it many become defiled...</p>
			<p class="p-author">Hebrews 12:15</p>
			
<br/>
			<p class="p-title">No Regret</p>
			<p class="p-norm">Repentance is turning away from sin and turning to God. It means we stop trusting in our own good deeds and religious activity and start trusting in Christ alone. We were going in the wrong direction; now we are going in the right direction. We were running from God; now we are walking with Him. Repentance is the starting point of a new life. Repentance takes us off the treadmill of a self-centered life and puts us on the fast track of God's glorious purpose for our lives. Turning to God means no looking back and no regrets.</p>

<br/>
			<p class="p-verse">For godly grief produces a repentance that leads to salvation without regret. . .</p>
			<p class="p-author">2 Corinthians 7:10</p>	

			<div id="question-bar">PERSONAL APPLICATION</div>
			<div id="p-app">
				<ul>
					<li>Is your life going in a new direction?</li>
					<li>Are there sinful areas in your life that are still a struggle?</li>
					<li>Are there areas of intense temptation or consistent weakness that you need prayer for?</li>
					<li>Are there sins that you have turned away from, yet you still feel condemned about? repentance</li>
				</ul>
			</div>
		</div>
	</body>	
</html>