<?xml version="1.0"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
  <head>
		<title>Getting Started</title>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <link title="theme" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/style.css" />
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="application/vnd.adobe-page-template+xml" href="../Styles/page-template.xpgt" />
	</head>
	<body>
		
		<div epub:type="chapter">
			<h1>Getting Started</h1>	
            <br/>
			<p class="p-verse">And Jesus said to them, "Follow me, and I will make you become fishers of men."</p>
			<p class="book-name-italicized">Mark 1:17</p>	
			
			<br/>
			
			<p class="p-norm">These five steps will get you off to the right START, as you follow Christ.</p>
            <br/>

			<p class="first-big"><span class="big">S</span>top trusting in yourself and your own good works, and start trusting in Christ alone for salvation.</p>
            <br/>
			<p class="p-verse"><sup>8</sup>For by grace you have been saved through faith. And this is not your own doing; it is the gift of God, <sup>9</sup>not a result of works, so that no one may boast.</p>
			<p class="p-author">Ephesians 2:8,9</p>
            <br/>
			<p class="first-big"><span class="big">T</span>urn away from everything the Bible calls sin.</p>
            <br/>
			<p class="p-verse">But God's firm foundation stands, bearing this seal: "The Lord knows those who are his," and, "Let everyone who names the name of the Lord depart from iniquity."</p>
			<p class="p-author">2 Timothy 2:19</p>

			<br/>

			<p class="first-big"><span class="big">A</span>ttend a small group for personal discipleship and weekly worship services.</p>
            <br/>
			<p class="p-verse">not neglecting to meet together, as is the habit of some, but encouraging one another, and all the more as you see the Day drawing near.</p>
			<p class="p-author">Hebrews 10:25</p>

			<br/>

			<p class="first-big"><span class="big">R</span>ead and obey your Bible everyday.</p>
            <br/>
			<p class="p-verse">"This Book of the Law shall not depart from your mouth, but you shall meditate on it day and night, so that you may be careful to do according to all that is written in it. For then you will make your way prosperous, and then you will have good success."</p>
			<p class="p-author">Joshua 1:8</p>
            <br/>
			<p class="first-big"><span class="big">T</span>ell others about your new relationship with Christ.</p>
            <br/>
			<p class="p-verse"><sup>19</sup>And he did not permit him but said to him, "Go home to tell your friends and tell them how much the Lord has done for you, and how he has had mercy on you."<sup>20</sup>And he went away and began to proclaim in the  Decapolis how much Jesus had done for him, and everyone marveled.</p>
			<p class="p-author">Mark 5:19,20</p>
		</div>
	</body>
</html>
	