<?xml version="1.0"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
  <head>
		<title>Chapter 2</title>
        <link title="theme" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/style.css" />
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="application/vnd.adobe-page-template+xml" href="../Styles/page-template.xpgt" />
	</head>
	<body>									
		<div epub:type="chapter">
			<p class="chapter">CHAPTER TWO</p>
			<h1 class="chapter-title">LORDSHIP</h1>
			<div class="chapter-desc">A NEW MASTER</div>

<br/>
			<p class="p-verse">"Let all the house of Israel therefore know for certain that God has made him both Lord and Christ, this Jesus whom you crucified."</p>
			<p class="book-name-italicized">Acts 2:36</p>	
			
			<p class="p-norm">Lordship is one of the central messages of the Bible. Jesus is referred to as "Lord" 100 times in the book of Acts and 622 times in the whole New Testament, while being referred to as "Savior" only twice in Acts and twenty-four times in the New Testament. The biblical emphasis is overwhelmingly on the concept of Lordship. Lord means master, the one who calls the shots, the one who makes the decisions.</p>

<br/>
			<p class="p-title">Lordship and Salvation</p>
			<p class="p-norm">The starting point of salvation is the acknowledgment of the Lordship of Christ. Confessing Jesus is Lord implies a submission to His Lordship in every area of life. If Jesus is not Lord of all, He is not Lord at all. We do not have the option of receiving Him as Savior and not as Lord. Salvation is an all-or-nothing proposal.</p>

<br/>
			<p class="p-verse">...if you confess with your mouth that Jesus is Lord and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved.</p>
			<p class="p-author">Romans10:9</p>

<br/>
			<p class="p-title">Lordship Demands Obedience</p>
			<p class="p-norm">Anyone who claims Christ as their Lord is expected to do what He says. Intellectual faith and empty confession is not enough. If we say Christ is our Lord, our lifestyle should back up our claim.</p>

<br/>
			<p class="p-verse">"Why do you call me 'Lord, Lord,' and not do what I tell you?"</p>
			<p class="p-author">Luke 6:46</p>	
			
<br/>
			<p class="p-verse">"Not everyone who says to me, 'Lord, Lord,' will enter the kingdom of heaven, but the one who does the will of my Father who is in heaven."</p>
			<p class="p-author">Matthew 7:21</p>	
			
<br/>
			<p class="p-title">Lordship Begins in the Heart</p>
			<p class="p-norm">Submitting to Christ as Lord is not about following a set of religious rules and traditions. Rather, Lordship is a matter of the heart. Lordship begins as an internal submission of the heart. If it is genuine, it will eventually manifest itself in outward obedience.</p>

<br/>
			<p class="p-verse">...but in your hearts honor Christ the Lord as holy. . . .</p>
			<p class="p-author">1 Peter 3:15</p>	
			
<br/>
			<p class="p-title">Lordship is a Continuous Walk</p>
			<p class="p-norm">We begin our Christian life by acknowledging that Jesus is Lord. We must continue to walk under His Lordship for the rest of our lives. Lordship is not having a one-time experience with God, but developing a lifetime walk with God. The more we know Him, the more we submit to Him.</p>

<br/>
			<p class="p-verse">Therefore, as you received Christ Jesus the Lord, so walk in him . . .</p>
			<p class="p-author">Colossians 2:6</p>	

			<div id="question-bar">PERSONAL APPLICATION</div>
			<div id="p-app">
				<ul>
					<li>Are there areas in your life that you have not yet submitted to the Lordship of Jesus Christ?</li>
					<li>Are your relationships under His Lordship?</li>
					<li>Are your finances under His Lordship?</li>
					<li>Is your time submitted to His Lordship?</li>
				</ul>
			</div>
		</div>
	</body>	
</html>